hemodialytics	is a	treatment
hemofiltrates	is a	treatment
hemodialytics	used for	kidney failure
hemofiltrates	used for	kidney failure
hemodialytics	removes	toxins
hemofiltrates	removes	toxins
hemodialytics	requires	dialysis machine
hemofiltrates	requires	dialysis machine
hemodialytics	involves	blood filtration
hemofiltrates	involves	blood filtration
hemodialytics	can cause	hypotension
hemofiltrates	can cause	hypotension
hemodialytics	may lead to	electrolyte imbalance
hemofiltrates	may lead to	electrolyte imbalance
hemodialytics	requires	vascular access
hemofiltrates	requires	vascular access
hemodialytics	monitored by	nephrologist
hemofiltrates	monitored by	nephrologist
hemodialytics	associated with	anemia
hemofiltrates	associated with	anemia
hemodialytics	requires	anticoagulation
hemofiltrates	requires	anticoagulation
hemodialytics	can cause	infection
hemofiltrates	can cause	infection
hemodialytics	may need	blood transfusion
hemofiltrates	may need	blood transfusion
hemodialytics	affects	fluid balance
hemofiltrates	affects	fluid balance
hemodialytics	involves	semipermeable membrane
hemofiltrates	involves	semipermeable membrane
hemodialytics	can improve	survival rate
hemofiltrates	can improve	survival rate
hemodialytics	reduces	uremia
hemofiltrates	reduces	uremia
hemodialytics	may cause	muscle cramps
hemofiltrates	may cause	muscle cramps
hemodialytics	requires	sterile technique
hemofiltrates	requires	sterile technique
hemodialytics	monitored with	blood tests
hemofiltrates	monitored with	blood tests
hemodialytics	can lead to	fatigue
hemofiltrates	can lead to	fatigue
hemodialytics	depends on	blood flow rate
hemofiltrates	depends on	blood flow rate
hemodialytics	influenced by	dialysate composition
hemofiltrates	influenced by	replacement fluid
hemodialytics	may require	hospitalization
hemofiltrates	may require	hospitalization
hemodialytics	associated with	cardiovascular risk
hemofiltrates	associated with	cardiovascular risk
hemodialytics	can affect	bone health
hemofiltrates	can affect	bone health
hemodialytics	managed by	dialysis nurse
hemofiltrates	managed by	dialysis nurse
hemodialytics	involves	solute clearance
hemofiltrates	involves	solute clearance
hemodialytics	can cause	allergic reactions
hemofiltrates	can cause	allergic reactions
hemodialytics	may interact with	medications
hemofiltrates	may interact with	medications
hemodialytics	requires	patient compliance
hemofiltrates	requires	patient compliance
hemodialytics	impacts	quality of life
hemofiltrates	impacts	quality of life
hemodialytics	can lead to	depression
hemofiltrates	can lead to	depression
hemodialytics	may need	dietary restrictions
hemofiltrates	may need	dietary restrictions
hemodialytics	involves	ultrafiltration
hemofiltrates	involves	convection
hemodialytics	can cause	itching
hemofiltrates	can cause	itching
hemodialytics	may result in	weight loss
hemofiltrates	may result in	weight loss
hemodialytics	associated with	sleep disorders
hemofiltrates	associated with	sleep disorders
hemodialytics	can affect	cognitive function
hemofiltrates	can affect	cognitive function
hemodialytics	requires	regular sessions
hemofiltrates	requires	regular sessions
hemodialytics	may cause	headaches
hemofiltrates	may cause	headaches
hemodialytics	can lead to	dehydration
hemofiltrates	can lead to	dehydration
hemodialytics	monitored for	complications
hemofiltrates	monitored for	complications
hemodialytics	may require	catheter placement
hemofiltrates	may require	catheter placement
hemodialytics	can reduce	potassium levels
hemofiltrates	can reduce	potassium levels
hemodialytics	may increase	infection risk
hemofiltrates	may increase	infection risk
hemodialytics	involves	diffusion
hemofiltrates	involves	adsorption
hemodialytics	can cause	nausea
hemofiltrates	can cause	nausea
hemodialytics	may lead to	hypotension episodes
hemofiltrates	may lead to	hypotension episodes
hemodialytics	requires	trained staff
hemofiltrates	requires	trained staff
hemodialytics	can affect	blood pressure
hemofiltrates	can affect	blood pressure
hemodialytics	associated with	mortality risk
hemofiltrates	associated with	mortality risk
hemodialytics	may involve	home dialysis
hemofiltrates	may involve	home dialysis
hemodialytics	can cause	clotting
hemofiltrates	can cause	clotting
hemodialytics	requires	water treatment
hemofiltrates	requires	water treatment
hemodialytics	may need	iron supplementation
hemofiltrates	may need	iron supplementation
hemodialytics	can impact	immune system
hemofiltrates	can impact	immune system
hemodialytics	involves	clearance rate
hemofiltrates	involves	filtration rate
hemodialytics	may cause	vomiting
hemofiltrates	may cause	vomiting
hemodialytics	can lead to	malnutrition
hemofiltrates	can lead to	malnutrition
hemodialytics	monitored via	vital signs
hemofiltrates	monitored via	vital signs
