vasodilators	treat	cardiac diseases
vasodilators	include	nitroglycerin
vasodilators	include	hydralazine
vasodilators	include	sodium nitroprusside
vasodilators	include	minoxidil
vasodilators	mechanism	nitric oxide release
vasodilators	mechanism	potassium channel activation
vasodilators	lower	blood pressure
vasodilators	reduce	cardiac workload
vasodilators	increase	coronary blood flow
vasodilators	manage	angina
vasodilators	manage	heart failure
vasodilators	manage	hypertension
vasodilators	contraindicated in	aortic stenosis
vasodilators	cause	reflex tachycardia
vasodilators	cause	headache
vasodilators	cause	flushing
vasodilators	interact with	phosphodiesterase inhibitors
nitroglycerin	administered as	sublingual tablet
nitroglycerin	administered as	transdermal patch
nitroglycerin	administered as	intravenous infusion
hydralazine	combined with	nitrates
hydralazine	used for	hypertensive emergencies
sodium nitroprusside	requires	blood pressure monitoring
sodium nitroprusside	risk of	cyanide toxicity
minoxidil	causes	hirsutism
minoxidil	reserved for	resistant hypertension
nitroglycerin	relieves	chest pain
nitroglycerin	tolerance develops with	prolonged use
vasodilators	classified as	arterial dilators
vasodilators	classified as	venous dilators
vasodilators	classified as	mixed dilators
hydralazine	acts on	arterioles
nitroglycerin	acts on	veins
sodium nitroprusside	acts on	arteries and veins
vasodilators	require	dose titration
vasodilators	monitored by	blood pressure
vasodilators	monitored by	heart rate
vasodilators	avoided in	hypotension
vasodilators	avoided in	hypovolemia
vasodilators	first-line for	acute coronary syndrome
vasodilators	alternative to	beta blockers
vasodilators	alternative to	calcium channel blockers
vasodilators	synergistic with	diuretics
vasodilators	synergistic with	ACE inhibitors
vasodilators	metabolized in	liver
vasodilators	excreted via	kidneys
nitroglycerin	half-life	1-4 minutes
hydralazine	half-life	1-2 hours
sodium nitroprusside	half-life	2 minutes
minoxidil	half-life	4 hours
vasodilators	require	gradual withdrawal
vasodilators	cause	salt retention
vasodilators	can provoke	myocardial ischemia
vasodilators	worsen	mitral regurgitation
vasodilators	improve	diastolic function
vasodilators	decrease	pulmonary congestion
vasodilators	increase	exercise tolerance
vasodilators	prevent	ventricular remodeling
vasodilators	reduce	hospitalizations
vasodilators	prolong	survival
nitroglycerin	prevents	coronary vasospasm
hydralazine	increases	renal blood flow
sodium nitroprusside	used in	cardiogenic shock
minoxidil	causes	pericardial effusion
vasodilators	contraindicated in	pericardial tamponade
vasodilators	contraindicated in	obstructive cardiomyopathy
vasodilators	require	patient education
vasodilators	cause	orthostatic hypotension
vasodilators	interact with	alcohol
vasodilators	interact with	sedatives
vasodilators	stored in	light-protected containers
nitroglycerin	degrades in	heat
vasodilators	available as	generic drugs
vasodilators	cost-effective for	heart failure
vasodilators	preferred in	elderly patients
vasodilators	adjusted for	renal impairment
vasodilators	adjusted for	hepatic impairment
vasodilators	require	baseline ECG
vasodilators	require	renal function tests
vasodilators	require	liver function tests
vasodilators	cause	drug rash
vasodilators	cause	nausea
vasodilators	cause	dizziness
vasodilators	cause	palpitations
vasodilators	cause	edema
vasodilators	cause	nasal congestion
vasodilators	require	compliance monitoring
vasodilators	involved in	clinical trials
vasodilators	researched for	new formulations
vasodilators	combination with	ARBs
vasodilators	combination with	aldosterone antagonists
vasodilators	prescribed by	cardiologists
vasodilators	prescribed by	primary care physicians
vasodilators	included in	clinical guidelines
vasodilators	subject to	drug shortages
vasodilators	require	prior authorization
vasodilators	covered by	insurance plans
vasodilators	administered in	hospitals
vasodilators	administered in	outpatient settings
