progestogen	is a	hormone
progestogen	regulates	menstrual cycle
progestogen	prepares	endometrium
progestogen	inhibits	ovulation
progestogen	maintains	pregnancy
progestogen	antagonizes	estrogen
progestogen	binds to	progesterone receptor
progestogen	modulates	uterine contractions
progestogen	influences	breast development
progestogen	affects	bone density
progestogen	reduces	endometrial cancer risk
progestogen	increases	blood clotting risk
progestogen	interacts with	glucocorticoid receptors
progestogen	alters	cervical mucus
progestogen	suppresses	gonadotropin release
progestogen	stabilizes	implantation
progestogen	prevents	premature labor
progestogen	treats	endometriosis
progestogen	manages	abnormal uterine bleeding
progestogen	counteracts	endometrial hyperplasia
progestogen	contributes to	mood changes
progestogen	exacerbates	depression
progestogen	causes	weight gain
progestogen	leads to	fluid retention
progestogen	induces	breast tenderness
progestogen	triggers	headaches
progestogen	metabolized by	liver
progestogen	excreted via	kidneys
progestogen	interacts with	CYP3A4
progestogen	reduced by	rifampin
progestogen	increases	HDL cholesterol
progestogen	decreases	LDL cholesterol
progestogen	affects	insulin sensitivity
progestogen	linked to	venous thromboembolism
progestogen	contraindicated in	breast cancer
progestogen	used in	hormone replacement therapy
progestogen	combined with	estrogen
progestogen	component of	oral contraceptives
progestogen	found in	intrauterine devices
progestogen	delivered via	implants
progestogen	available as	injections
progestogen	used for	contraception
progestogen	treats	polycystic ovary syndrome
progestogen	alleviates	premenstrual syndrome
progestogen	prescribed for	amenorrhea
progestogen	mitigates	menopausal symptoms
progestogen	prevents	miscarriage
progestogen	supports	in vitro fertilization
progestogen	delays	cervical ripening
progestogen	influences	immune tolerance
progestogen	modulates	inflammatory response
progestogen	enhances	vascular stability
progestogen	suppresses	myometrial activity
progestogen	reduces	preterm birth risk
progestogen	affects	libido
progestogen	alters	vaginal pH
progestogen	decreases	acne
progestogen	increases	hirsutism
progestogen	antagonizes	androgen receptors
progestogen	competes with	cortisol
progestogen	induces	hepatic proteins
progestogen	impacts	thyroid-binding globulin
progestogen	modifies	coagulation factors
progestogen	elevates	C-reactive protein
progestogen	lowers	SHBG levels
progestogen	interacts with	statins
progestogen	conflicts with	anticoagulants
progestogen	contraindicated in	liver disease
progestogen	avoided in	cardiovascular disease
progestogen	monitored in	diabetes
progestogen	adjusted in	renal impairment
progestogen	tested via	serum levels
progestogen	detected in	urine
progestogen	synthesized from	cholesterol
progestogen	derived from	pregnenolone
progestogen	converted to	allopregnanolone
progestogen	precursor to	corticosteroids
progestogen	analog of	norethisterone
progestogen	similar to	medroxyprogesterone
progestogen	variant of	levonorgestrel
progestogen	mimics	natural progesterone
progestogen	differs from	drospirenone
progestogen	stronger than	dydrogesterone
progestogen	weaker than	gestodene
progestogen	newer than	megestrol
progestogen	older than	dienogest
progestogen	studied in	clinical trials
progestogen	approved by	FDA
progestogen	regulated by	EMA
progestogen	prescribed by	gynecologists
progestogen	monitored by	endocrinologists
progestogen	discontinued for	adverse effects
progestogen	preferred for	perimenopause
progestogen	alternative to	GnRH agonists
progestogen	compared with	SERMs
progestogen	combined with	androgens
progestogen	antagonized by	mifepristone
progestogen	reversed by	ulipristal
progestogen	researched for	cancer prevention
progestogen	investigated for	neuroprotection
