corticosteroids	is a	anti-inflammatory drug
corticosteroids	treats	inflammation
corticosteroids	suppresses	immune system
corticosteroids	manages	autoimmune diseases
corticosteroids	treats	rheumatoid arthritis
corticosteroids	treats	asthma
corticosteroids	treats	lupus
corticosteroids	treats	allergic reactions
corticosteroids	reduces	swelling
corticosteroids	mimics	cortisol
corticosteroids	affects	metabolism
corticosteroids	increases	blood sugar
corticosteroids	causes	weight gain
corticosteroids	leads to	osteoporosis
corticosteroids	results in	moon face
corticosteroids	induces	insomnia
corticosteroids	causes	mood changes
corticosteroids	requires	tapering
corticosteroids	interacts with	NSAIDs
corticosteroids	increases risk	infections
corticosteroids	contraindicated in	diabetes
corticosteroids	monitored with	blood tests
corticosteroids	prescribed for	COPD
corticosteroids	administered as	oral tablets
corticosteroids	available as	injections
corticosteroids	derived from	adrenal cortex
corticosteroids	classified as	glucocorticoids
corticosteroids	differs from	mineralocorticoids
corticosteroids	has half-life	8-12 hours
corticosteroids	metabolized in	liver
corticosteroids	excreted through	kidneys
corticosteroids	binds to	glucocorticoid receptors
corticosteroids	inhibits	phospholipase A2
corticosteroids	decreases	prostaglandins
corticosteroids	reduces	cytokine production
corticosteroids	stabilizes	lysosomal membranes
corticosteroids	affects	white blood cells
corticosteroids	suppresses	histamine release
corticosteroids	used in	organ transplants
corticosteroids	prevents	graft rejection
corticosteroids	treats	multiple sclerosis flares
corticosteroids	manages	skin conditions
corticosteroids	treats	eczema
corticosteroids	controls	psoriasis
corticosteroids	alleviates	poison ivy
corticosteroids	prescribed for	Crohn's disease
corticosteroids	treats	ulcerative colitis
corticosteroids	used in	chemotherapy regimens
corticosteroids	reduces	nausea from chemo
corticosteroids	enhances	appetite
corticosteroids	contraindicated in	peptic ulcers
corticosteroids	avoided in	herpes infections
corticosteroids	increases risk	glaucoma
corticosteroids	causes	fluid retention
corticosteroids	leads to	hypertension
corticosteroids	associated with	cataracts
corticosteroids	results in	thin skin
corticosteroids	causes	easy bruising
corticosteroids	affects	wound healing
corticosteroids	requires	calcium supplementation
corticosteroids	needs	vitamin D
corticosteroids	monitored for	adrenal suppression
corticosteroids	tapered to avoid	withdrawal
corticosteroids	interacts with	anticoagulants
corticosteroids	affects	potassium levels
corticosteroids	alters	sodium balance
corticosteroids	changes	fat distribution
corticosteroids	increases	cholesterol
corticosteroids	linked to	avascular necrosis
corticosteroids	causes	muscle weakness
corticosteroids	results in	growth retardation
corticosteroids	affects	bone density
corticosteroids	requires	DEXA scans
corticosteroids	contraindicated in	pregnancy
corticosteroids	passes into	breast milk
corticosteroids	used in	COVID-19 treatment
corticosteroids	reduces	ARDS mortality
corticosteroids	treats	septic shock
corticosteroids	manages	adrenal insufficiency
corticosteroids	replaces	cortisol deficiency
corticosteroids	dosed by	weight
corticosteroids	adjusted for	liver disease
corticosteroids	varies by	potency
corticosteroids	includes	prednisone
corticosteroids	includes	dexamethasone
corticosteroids	includes	hydrocortisone
corticosteroids	differs in	bioavailability
corticosteroids	classified by	duration
corticosteroids	has alternatives	biologics
corticosteroids	preferred for	acute flares
corticosteroids	combined with	DMARDs
corticosteroids	stored at	room temperature
corticosteroids	absorbed in	small intestine
corticosteroids	peaks in	1-2 hours
corticosteroids	discovered in	1940s
corticosteroids	revolutionized	rheumatology
corticosteroids	costs	varies widely
corticosteroids	available as	generics
corticosteroids	subject to	shortages
corticosteroids	researched for	new formulations
