macrolides	are	antibiotics
lincosamides	are	antibiotics
streptogramins	are	antibiotics
macrolides	inhibit	protein synthesis
lincosamides	inhibit	protein synthesis
streptogramins	inhibit	protein synthesis
macrolides	bind to	50S ribosomal subunit
lincosamides	bind to	50S ribosomal subunit
streptogramins	bind to	50S ribosomal subunit
macrolides	treat	respiratory infections
lincosamides	treat	skin infections
streptogramins	treat	MRSA infections
macrolides	include	erythromycin
macrolides	include	azithromycin
macrolides	include	clarithromycin
lincosamides	include	clindamycin
lincosamides	include	lincomycin
streptogramins	include	quinupristin
streptogramins	include	dalfopristin
macrolides	have	bactericidal effects
lincosamides	have	bacteriostatic effects
streptogramins	have	bactericidal effects
macrolides	metabolized in	liver
lincosamides	metabolized in	liver
streptogramins	metabolized in	liver
macrolides	excreted via	bile
lincosamides	excreted via	urine
streptogramins	excreted via	feces
macrolides	cause	gastrointestinal side effects
lincosamides	cause	Clostridium difficile infection
streptogramins	cause	infusion reactions
macrolides	interact with	CYP3A4 inhibitors
lincosamides	interact with	neuromuscular blockers
streptogramins	interact with	cyclosporine
macrolides	effective against	Gram-positive bacteria
lincosamides	effective against	anaerobes
streptogramins	effective against	vancomycin-resistant bacteria
macrolides	resistance mechanism	efflux pumps
lincosamides	resistance mechanism	methylation
streptogramins	resistance mechanism	enzymatic modification
erythromycin	is a	macrolide
azithromycin	is a	macrolide
clarithromycin	is a	macrolide
clindamycin	is a	lincosamide
lincomycin	is a	lincosamide
quinupristin	is a	streptogramin
dalfopristin	is a	streptogramin
macrolides	prescribed for	pneumonia
lincosamides	prescribed for	abscesses
streptogramins	prescribed for	endocarditis
macrolides	contraindicated in	QT prolongation
lincosamides	contraindicated in	hepatic impairment
streptogramins	contraindicated in	renal failure
macrolides	pregnancy category	B
lincosamides	pregnancy category	B
streptogramins	pregnancy category	B
macrolides	cross blood-brain barrier	poorly
lincosamides	cross placenta	moderately
streptogramins	penetrate tissues	well
macrolides	have	anti-inflammatory effects
lincosamides	have	immunomodulatory effects
streptogramins	have	synergistic effects
macrolides	administered orally
lincosamides	administered intravenously
streptogramins	administered intravenously
macrolides	duration of action	long
lincosamides	duration of action	medium
streptogramins	duration of action	short
macrolides	spectrum	broad
lincosamides	spectrum	narrow
streptogramins	spectrum	narrow
macrolides	discovered in	1950s
lincosamides	discovered in	1960s
streptogramins	discovered in	1950s
macrolides	molecular weight	large
lincosamides	molecular weight	medium
streptogramins	molecular weight	large
macrolides	solubility	lipophilic
lincosamides	solubility	hydrophilic
streptogramins	solubility	amphiphilic
macrolides	stability	acid-labile
lincosamides	stability	acid-stable
streptogramins	stability	light-sensitive
macrolides	cost	moderate
lincosamides	cost	low
streptogramins	cost	high
macrolides	resistance	increasing
lincosamides	resistance	common
streptogramins	resistance	rare
macrolides	alternative to	penicillins
lincosamides	alternative to	beta-lactams
streptogramins	alternative to	glycopeptides
macrolides	combination therapy	avoided
lincosamides	combination therapy	useful
streptogramins	combination therapy	required
macrolides	monitoring	rarely
lincosamides	monitoring	occasionally
streptogramins	monitoring	frequently
macrolides	research focus	derivatives
lincosamides	research focus	resistance
