antitrematodals	is a	drug class
antitrematodals	treats	trematode infections
antitrematodals	includes	praziquantel
antitrematodals	includes	triclabendazole
antitrematodals	includes	oxamniquine
antitrematodals	mechanism	paralysis of parasites
antitrematodals	mechanism	tegument disruption
antitrematodals	used for	schistosomiasis
antitrematodals	used for	fascioliasis
antitrematodals	used for	clonorchiasis
praziquantel	is a	antitrematodal
triclabendazole	is a	antitrematodal
oxamniquine	is a	antitrematodal
trematode infections	caused by	flukes
schistosomiasis	caused by	Schistosoma
fascioliasis	caused by	Fasciola
clonorchiasis	caused by	Clonorchis
antitrematodals	contraindicated in	pregnancy
antitrematodals	side effect	abdominal pain
antitrematodals	side effect	headache
antitrematodals	side effect	dizziness
antitrematodals	interacts with	rifampin
antitrematodals	interacts with	anticonvulsants
praziquantel	mechanism	calcium influx
triclabendazole	mechanism	inhibits tubulin
oxamniquine	mechanism	DNA binding
antitrematodals	administration	oral
antitrematodals	administration	single dose
schistosomiasis	symptom	hematuria
schistosomiasis	symptom	hepatosplenomegaly
fascioliasis	symptom	biliary colic
clonorchiasis	symptom	jaundice
antitrematodals	resistance	emerging
praziquantel	resistance	documented
triclabendazole	resistance	reported
antitrematodals	research target	new compounds
antitrematodals	research target	combination therapy
Schistosoma	habitat	freshwater
Fasciola	habitat	livestock
Clonorchis	habitat	fish
antitrematodals	prevention	water sanitation
antitrematodals	prevention	snail control
schistosomiasis	prevalence	tropical
fascioliasis	prevalence	agricultural
clonorchiasis	prevalence	Southeast Asia
praziquantel	approved	FDA
triclabendazole	approved	EMA
oxamniquine	approved	WHO
antitrematodals	cost	varies
antitrematodals	storage	room temperature
antitrematodals	pharmacokinetics	rapid absorption
antitrematodals	metabolism	hepatic
antitrematodals	excretion	renal
praziquantel	half-life	1-3 hours
triclabendazole	half-life	8-12 hours
oxamniquine	half-life	2-4 hours
antitrematodals	efficacy	high
antitrematodals	safety	good
antitrematodals	monitoring	liver function
antitrematodals	monitoring	eosinophil count
schistosomiasis	complication	portal hypertension
fascioliasis	complication	cholangitis
clonorchiasis	complication	cholangiocarcinoma
antitrematodals	alternative	artemisinins
antitrematodals	alternative	nitazoxanide
praziquantel	synthesis	pyrazinoisoquinoline
triclabendazole	synthesis	benzimidazole
oxamniquine	synthesis	tetrahydroquinoline
antitrematodals	diagnostic aid	stool exam
antitrematodals	diagnostic aid	serology
antitrematodals	diagnostic aid	imaging
Schistosoma	lifecycle	snail host
Fasciola	lifecycle	metacercariae
Clonorchis	lifecycle	fish host
antitrematodals	public health	mass administration
antitrematodals	public health	endemic areas
praziquantel	production	high volume
triclabendazole	production	limited
oxamniquine	production	discontinued
antitrematodals	veterinary use	common
antitrematodals	veterinary use	livestock
antitrematodals	history	20th century
praziquantel	discovery	1970s
triclabendazole	discovery	1980s
oxamniquine	discovery	1970s
antitrematodals	WHO guideline	essential medicines
antitrematodals	WHO guideline	neglected diseases
schistosomiasis	control	molluscicides
fascioliasis	control	pasture management
clonorchiasis	control	fish cooking
antitrematodals	resistance marker	genetic
antitrematodals	resistance marker	phenotypic
praziquantel	formulation	tablet
triclabendazole	formulation	suspension
oxamniquine	formulation	capsule
antitrematodals	pediatric use	adjusted dosing
antitrematodals	geriatric use	caution
antitrematodals	pregnancy category	B
antitrematodals	lactation	caution
antitrematodals	global burden	significant
