ectoparasiticides	treat	ectoparasitic infections
scabicides	are a type of	ectoparasiticides
ectoparasiticides	kill	parasites
ectoparasiticides	applied to	skin
scabicides	specifically treat	scabies
ectoparasiticides	may cause	skin irritation
ectoparasiticides	include	permethrin
permethrin	is a	scabicide
ectoparasiticides	include	ivermectin
ivermectin	treats	scabies
ectoparasiticides	include	lindane
lindane	has	neurotoxicity risk
ectoparasiticides	require	prescription
ectoparasiticides	combat	lice
head lice	treated with	ectoparasiticides
pubic lice	treated with	ectoparasiticides
ectoparasiticides	kill	mites
scabies	caused by	Sarcoptes scabiei
ectoparasiticides	available as	creams
ectoparasiticides	available as	lotions
ectoparasiticides	available as	shampoos
ectoparasiticides	require	repeated application
scabies	causes	itching
scabies	results in	rash
ectoparasiticides	prevent	reinfestation
ectoparasiticides	may require	household treatment
ectoparasiticides	have	residual effects
permethrin	affects	nerve cells
ivermectin	paralyzes	parasites
ectoparasiticides	vary in	efficacy
ectoparasiticides	differ in	safety
ectoparasiticides	have	age restrictions
ectoparasiticides	contraindicated in	pregnancy
ectoparasiticides	interact with	other medications
ectoparasiticides	require	proper application
ectoparasiticides	may cause	allergic reactions
ectoparasiticides	monitored by	healthcare providers
scabies	spreads through	skin contact
scabies	has	incubation period
ectoparasiticides	used in	outbreaks
ectoparasiticides	used in	healthcare settings
ectoparasiticides	part of	infection control
ectoparasiticides	stored at	room temperature
ectoparasiticides	have	expiration dates
ectoparasiticides	undergo	clinical trials
ectoparasiticides	approved by	regulatory agencies
ectoparasiticides	have	generic versions
ectoparasiticides	have	brand names
ectoparasiticides	used in	veterinary medicine
ectoparasiticides	treat	animal infestations
ectoparasiticides	prevent	zoonotic transmission
ectoparasiticides	used in	public health
ectoparasiticides	combat	neglected tropical diseases
scabies	classified as	neglected tropical disease
ectoparasiticides	researched for	new formulations
ectoparasiticides	face	resistance issues
parasite resistance	reduces	ectoparasiticide efficacy
ectoparasiticides	combined with	other treatments
ectoparasiticides	complement	hygiene measures
ectoparasiticides	require	patient education
ectoparasiticides	have	application guidelines
ectoparasiticides	monitored for	adverse effects
ectoparasiticides	reported to	pharmacovigilance systems
ectoparasiticides	included in	treatment guidelines
ectoparasiticides	covered by	insurance
ectoparasiticides	have	cost variations
ectoparasiticides	subject to	shortages
ectoparasiticides	stockpiled for	emergencies
ectoparasiticides	used in	refugee camps
ectoparasiticides	distributed in	humanitarian aid
ectoparasiticides	prevent	secondary infections
scratching	leads to	bacterial infections
ectoparasiticides	reduce	disease transmission
ectoparasiticides	improve	quality of life
untreated scabies	causes	complications
ectoparasiticides	prevent	crusted scabies
crusted scabies	affects	immunocompromised patients
ectoparasiticides	dosed by	weight
ectoparasiticides	absorbed through	skin
ectoparasiticides	metabolized in	liver
ectoparasiticides	excreted through	kidneys
ectoparasiticides	have	half-lives
ectoparasiticides	detectable in	blood
ectoparasiticides	monitored for	toxicity
ectoparasiticides	contraindicated in	liver disease
ectoparasiticides	avoided in	breastfeeding
ectoparasiticides	require	follow-up
treatment failure	requires	alternative ectoparasiticides
ectoparasiticides	used with	antihistamines
antihistamines	relieve	itching
ectoparasiticides	used with	antibiotics
antibiotics	treat	secondary infections
ectoparasiticides	part of	integrated pest management
ectoparasiticides	supplemented with	environmental cleaning
ectoparasiticides	studied for	novel mechanisms
ectoparasiticides	target	parasite nervous systems
ectoparasiticides	disrupt	parasite reproduction
ectoparasiticides	researched for	plant-based alternatives
ectoparasiticides	compared in	clinical studies
ectoparasiticides	ranked by	treatment guidelines
