insecticides	kill	insects
repellents	deter	insects
insecticides	contain	chemicals
repellents	contain	active ingredients
DEET	is a	repellent
permethrin	is an	insecticide
insecticides	target	nervous system
repellents	mask	human scent
insecticides	used in	agriculture
repellents	used by	humans
malaria	prevented by	repellents
mosquitoes	controlled by	insecticides
pyrethroids	are	synthetic insecticides
citronella	is a	natural repellent
insecticides	cause	resistance
resistance	reduces	effectiveness
DDT	was an	insecticide
DDT	banned in	many countries
repellents	applied to	skin
insecticides	sprayed on	crops
neonicotinoids	affect	bees
bees	harmed by	insecticides
insecticides	pollute	water
repellents	last for	hours
permethrin	treats	clothing
dengue	prevented by	repellents
insecticides	classified by	toxicity
toxicity	measured by	LD50
organophosphates	are	insecticides
organophosphates	inhibit	cholinesterase
cholinesterase	needed for	nerve function
repellents	safe for	children
picaridin	is a	repellent
picaridin	similar to	DEET
insecticides	control	pests
pests	damage	crops
crops	protected by	insecticides
repellents	prevent	bites
bites	cause	diseases
malaria	transmitted by	mosquitoes
Zika	spread by	mosquitoes
insecticides	regulated by	EPA
EPA	evaluates	safety
safety	ensures	proper use
repellents	tested for	efficacy
efficacy	determines	duration
insecticides	persist in	environment
environment	affected by	pollution
pollution	harms	wildlife
wildlife	impacted by	chemicals
natural repellents	include	eucalyptus
eucalyptus	contains	cineole
cineole	repels	insects
insecticides	formulated as	sprays
sprays	cover	large areas
large areas	treated for	infestation
infestation	requires	control
control	involves	monitoring
monitoring	tracks	pest levels
pest levels	indicate	need
need	justifies	application
application	follows	guidelines
guidelines	prevent	misuse
misuse	leads to	harm
harm	affects	health
health	protected by	regulations
regulations	enforced by	authorities
authorities	inspect	products
products	labeled with	instructions
instructions	guide	users
users	must follow	precautions
precautions	reduce	risks
risks	include	allergies
allergies	triggered by	ingredients
ingredients	listed on	packaging
packaging	displays	warnings
warnings	inform about	dangers
dangers	minimized by	care
care	involves	reading labels
labels	provide	information
information	includes	contact details
contact details	used for	reporting
reporting	helps	improve safety
safety	enhanced by	research
research	develops	new products
new products	offer	alternatives
alternatives	reduce	reliance
reliance	decreased by	diversity
diversity	improves	resilience
resilience	needed for	sustainability
sustainability	requires	balance
balance	achieved by	regulation
regulation	supports	innovation
innovation	leads to	better solutions
better solutions	benefit	society
society	depends on	health
health	maintained by	prevention
prevention	includes	repellents
repellents	part of	strategies
strategies	combat	insect-borne diseases
