mydriatics	are	medications
cycloplegics	are	medications
mydriatics	cause	pupil dilation
cycloplegics	cause	ciliary muscle paralysis
mydriatics	used for	eye exams
cycloplegics	used for	refractive testing
mydriatics	contain	anticholinergic agents
cyclopegics	contain	antimuscarinic drugs
tropicamide	is a	mydriatic
atropine	is a	cycloplegic
phenylephrine	is a	mydriatic
homatropine	is a	cycloplegic
cyclopentolate	is a	cycloplegic
scopolamine	is a	cycloplegic
mydriatics	increase	intraocular pressure
cycloplegics	decrease	accommodation
mydriatics	contraindicated in	glaucoma
cycloplegics	contraindicated in	Down syndrome
mydriatics	require	informed consent
cycloplegics	require	patient monitoring
mydriatics	duration	4-6 hours
cycloplegics	duration	up to 24 hours
mydriatics	affect	iris sphincter muscle
cycloplegics	affect	ciliary body
mydriatics	used in	fundoscopy
cycloplegics	used in	cataract surgery
mydriatics	reverse with	pilocarpine
mydriatics	interact with	MAO inhibitors
cycloplegics	interact with	tricyclic antidepressants
mydriatics	side effect	photophobia
cycloplegics	side effect	blurred vision
mydriatics	onset	15-30 minutes
cycloplegics	onset	30-60 minutes
mydriatics	peak effect	1 hour
cycloplegics	peak effect	2 hours
mydriatics	available as	eye drops
cycloplegics	available as	ointments
mydriatics	absorption	ocular
cycloplegics	absorption	systemic
mydriatics	contraindicated in	aneurysms
cycloplegics	contraindicated in	elderly
mydriatics	mechanism	alpha-1 agonism
cycloplegics	mechanism	muscarinic antagonism
mydriatics	classification	sympathomimetic
cycloplegics	classification	parasympatholytic
mydriatics	storage	room temperature
cycloplegics	storage	refrigerated
mydriatics	pregnancy category	C
cycloplegics	pregnancy category	B
mydriatics	excreted in	urine
cycloplegics	excreted in	bile
mydriatics	toxicity	hypertension
cycloplegics	toxicity	delirium
mydriatics	alternative	non-dilating fundoscopy
cycloplegics	alternative	autorefraction
mydriatics	brand name	Mydriacyl
cycloplegics	brand name	Cyclogyl
mydriatics	generic name	tropicamide
cycloplegics	generic name	cyclopentolate
mydriatics	FDA approval	1960
cycloplegics	FDA approval	1950
mydriatics	research	new formulations
cycloplegics	research	pediatric dosing
mydriatics	cost	$10-20
cycloplegics	cost	$15-30
mydriatics	patent expired	yes
cycloplegics	patent expired	yes
mydriatics	alternative route	intracameral
cycloplegics	alternative route	subconjunctival
mydriatics	stability	28 days
cycloplegics	stability	14 days
mydriatics	preservative	benzalkonium chloride
cycloplegics	preservative	EDTA
mydriatics	pH	6.5
cycloplegics	pH	7.0
mydriatics	osmolality	290 mOsm
cycloplegics	osmolality	310 mOsm
mydriatics	viscosity	low
cycloplegics	viscosity	high
mydriatics	packaging	multi-dose
cycloplegics	packaging	single-use
mydriatics	manufacturer	Alcon
cycloplegics	manufacturer	Bausch+Lomb
mydriatics	indication	uveitis
cycloplegics	indication	iritis
mydriatics	contraindication	narrow angles
cycloplegics	contraindication	infants
mydriatics	precaution	cardiovascular disease
cycloplegics	precaution	Down syndrome
mydriatics	adverse effect	tachycardia
cycloplegics	adverse effect	fever
mydriatics	drug class	ophthalmic agents
cycloplegics	drug class	autonomic drugs
mydriatics	metabolism	hepatic
cycloplegics	metabolism	plasma esterases
mydriatics	elimination half-life	3 hours
cycloplegics	elimination half-life	8 hours
mydriatics	protein binding	30%
cycloplegics	protein binding	50%
mydriatics and cycloplegics	often combined	eye examinations
