decongestants	treat	nasal congestion
antiallergics	treat	allergies
decongestants	belong to	sympathomimetic drugs
antiallergics	include	antihistamines
decongestants	constrict	blood vessels
antiallergics	block	histamine receptors
decongestants	may cause	hypertension
antiallergics	may cause	drowsiness
decongestants	interact with	MAO inhibitors
antiallergics	interact with	sedatives
decongestants	contraindicated in	glaucoma
antiallergics	contraindicated in	urinary retention
decongestants	used for	sinusitis
antiallergics	used for	rhinitis
decongestants	available as	nasal spray
antiallergics	available as	oral tablets
decongestants	mechanism	alpha-adrenergic agonist
antiallergics	mechanism	H1 receptor antagonist
decongestants	derived from	phenylephrine
antiallergics	derived from	cetirizine
decongestants	exacerbate	heart disease
antiallergics	exacerbate	prostate issues
decongestants	alternative	pseudoephedrine
antiallergics	alternative	loratadine
decongestants	duration	short-acting
antiallergics	duration	long-acting
decongestants	prescribed for	colds
antiallergics	prescribed for	hay fever
decongestants	avoid with	stimulants
antiallergics	avoid with	alcohol
decongestants	common brand	Sudafed
antiallergics	common brand	Zyrtec
decongestants	pediatric dose	adjusted
antiallergics	pediatric dose	weight-based
decongestants	overdose	tachycardia
antiallergics	overdose	seizures
decongestants	pregnancy category	C
antiallergics	pregnancy category	B
decongestants	metabolized by	liver
antiallergics	metabolized by	CYP3A4
decongestants	excretion	renal
antiallergics	excretion	biliary
decongestants	onset	rapid
antiallergics	onset	delayed
decongestants	combined with	analgesics
antiallergics	combined with	decongestants
decongestants	storage	room temperature
antiallergics	storage	refrigerated
decongestants	generic name	oxymetazoline
antiallergics	generic name	fexofenadine
decongestants	OTC status	restricted
antiallergics	OTC status	unrestricted
decongestants	half-life	4-6 hours
antiallergics	half-life	14-18 hours
decongestants	solubility	water-soluble
antiallergics	solubility	lipid-soluble
decongestants	receptor binding	adrenergic
antiallergics	receptor binding	histaminergic
decongestants	research focus	CNS effects
antiallergics	research focus	immunomodulation
decongestants	patent expiration	1990s
antiallergics	patent expiration	2000s
decongestants	synthesis	chemical
antiallergics	synthesis	semi-synthetic
decongestants	toxicity	low
antiallergics	toxicity	moderate
decongestants	stability	light-sensitive
antiallergics	stability	heat-sensitive
decongestants	bioequivalence	required
antiallergics	bioequivalence	waived
decongestants	pharmacophore	phenethylamine
antiallergics	pharmacophore	piperidine
decongestants	salt form	hydrochloride
antiallergics	salt form	dihydrochloride
decongestants	regulatory status	controlled
antiallergics	regulatory status	non-controlled
decongestants	trade names	multiple
antiallergics	trade names	diverse
decongestants	clinical trials	phase III
antiallergics	clinical trials	phase IV
decongestants	adverse events	insomnia
antiallergics	adverse events	dry mouth
decongestants	pharmacokinetics	linear
antiallergics	pharmacokinetics	non-linear
decongestants	excretion route	urine
antiallergics	excretion route	feces
decongestants	protein binding	minimal
antiallergics	protein binding	extensive
decongestants	elimination	first-order
antiallergics	elimination	zero-order
decongestants	pediatric use	caution
antiallergics	pediatric use	safe
decongestants	geriatric use	restricted
antiallergics	geriatric use	monitored
decongestants	pharmacodynamics	rapid
antiallergics	pharmacodynamics	slow
decongestants	bioavailability	high
antiallergics	bioavailability	variable
decongestants	brand competition	intense
antiallergics	brand competition	moderate
decongestants	cost	low
antiallergics	cost	high
decongestants	shelf life	2 years
antiallergics	shelf life	3 years
decongestants	excipients	sugars
antiallergics	excipients	lactose
decongestants	colorants	dyes
antiallergics	colorants	none
decongestants	formulation	solution
antiallergics	formulation	suspension
decongestants	flavor	menthol
antiallergics	flavor	unflavored
