nephrotomy	is a	surgical procedure
nephrostomy	is a	medical procedure
nephrotomy	performed on	kidney
nephrostomy	performed on	kidney
nephrotomy	involves	incision
nephrostomy	involves	catheter placement
nephrotomy	treats	kidney stones
nephrostomy	treats	urinary obstruction
nephrotomy	requires	general anesthesia
nephrostomy	requires	local anesthesia
nephrotomy	has complication	bleeding
nephrostomy	has complication	infection
nephrotomy	alternative to	nephrolithotomy
nephrostomy	alternative to	ureteral stent
nephrotomy	followed by	wound care
nephrostomy	followed by	catheter care
nephrotomy	performed by	urologist
nephrostomy	performed by	interventional radiologist
nephrotomy	requires	preoperative imaging
nephrostomy	requires	fluoroscopic guidance
nephrostomy tube	used in	nephrostomy
scalpel	used in	nephrotomy
kidney stone	indication for	nephrotomy
hydronephrosis	indication for	nephrostomy
nephrotomy	contraindicated in	bleeding disorders
nephrostomy	contraindicated in	contrast allergy
nephrotomy	affects	renal function
nephrostomy	affects	urinary output
antibiotics	prevent	nephrostomy infection
analgesics	manage	nephrotomy pain
nephrotomy	requires	postoperative monitoring
nephrostomy	requires	output measurement
nephrotomy	has risk	kidney damage
nephrostomy	has risk	catheter dislodgement
nephrostomy drainage	indicates	kidney function
nephrotomy scar	results from	nephrotomy
nephrostomy bag	collects	urine
urine culture	diagnoses	nephrostomy infection
blood tests	monitor	nephrotomy recovery
ultrasound	evaluates	nephrostomy placement
CT scan	plans	nephrotomy approach
nephrotomy	more invasive than	nephrostomy
nephrostomy	less invasive than	nephrotomy
nephrostomy	temporary	urinary diversion
nephrotomy	permanent in	partial nephrectomy
nephrostomy tube	requires	regular flushing
nephrotomy wound	requires	dressing change
nephrotomy	indicated for	large renal masses
nephrostomy	indicated for	ureteral strictures
nephrostomy catheter	connects to	drainage bag
nephrotomy sutures	close	kidney incision
nephrostomy	relieves	renal pressure
nephrotomy	controls	renal hemorrhage
nephrostomy	bypasses	ureteral obstruction
nephrotomy	accesses	renal pelvis
nephrostomy	accesses	renal calyx
nephrotomy	performed via	open surgery
nephrostomy	performed via	percutaneous approach
nephrostomy tract	forms	drainage channel
nephrotomy site	heals	scar tissue
nephrostomy tube	measured in	French size
nephrotomy	requires	hospital stay
nephrostomy	possible in	outpatient setting
nephrostomy tube	may cause	discomfort
nephrotomy pain	managed with	opioids
nephrostomy care	involves	site cleaning
nephrotomy	contraindicated in	pregnancy
nephrostomy	safe in	pregnancy
nephrotomy	requires	informed consent
nephrostomy	requires	patient education
nephrotomy	affects	quality of life
nephrostomy	affects	daily activities
nephrotomy	has alternative	shockwave lithotripsy
nephrostomy	has alternative	ureteroscopy
nephrotomy	higher risk than	nephrostomy
nephrostomy	lower risk than	nephrotomy
nephrostomy tube	may require	replacement
nephrotomy	may lead to	chronic kidney disease
nephrostomy	may lead to	hydronephrosis resolution
nephrotomy	involves	renal parenchyma
nephrostomy	involves	collecting system
nephrotomy	treats	renal abscess
nephrostomy	drains	pyonephrosis
nephrostomy tube	secured with	sutures
nephrotomy incision	closed with	staples
nephrostomy	allows	antegrade stent placement
nephrotomy	allows	tumor biopsy
nephrostomy	contraindicated in	uncorrected coagulopathy
nephrotomy	requires	blood transfusion preparation
nephrostomy	preferred in	unstable patients
nephrotomy	preferred in	complex stone disease
nephrostomy drainage	monitored for	volume
nephrostomy drainage	monitored for	color
nephrotomy	may require	nephrectomy conversion
nephrostomy	may require	additional procedures
nephrotomy	has success rate	85-95%
nephrostomy	has success rate	90-98%
nephrotomy	more costly than	nephrostomy
nephrostomy	less costly than	nephrotomy
nephrostomy	transitions to	internal stent
