circumcision	is a	surgical procedure
circumcision	performed on	penis
circumcision	removes	foreskin
circumcision	reduces risk	UTIs
circumcision	reduces risk	penile cancer
circumcision	lowers risk	HIV transmission
circumcision	prevents	phimosis
circumcision	prevents	balanitis
circumcision	prevents	paraphimosis
circumcision	reduces risk	STIs
circumcision	performed by	urologist
circumcision	performed by	pediatric surgeon
circumcision	requires	local anesthesia
circumcision	has complication	bleeding
circumcision	has complication	infection
circumcision	has complication	excessive skin removal
circumcision	has complication	adhesions
circumcision	has complication	meatal stenosis
circumcision	common in	newborns
circumcision	common in	Jewish tradition
circumcision	common in	Muslim tradition
circumcision	part of	religious practice
circumcision	debated in	medical ethics
circumcision	controversial in	bioethics
circumcision	opposed by	intactivists
circumcision	uses	Gomco clamp
circumcision	uses	Plastibell device
circumcision	uses	Mogen clamp
circumcision	alternative to	dorsal slit
circumcision	requires	postoperative care
circumcision	heals in	7-10 days
circumcision	affects	sexual sensitivity
circumcision	studied in	randomized trials
circumcision	recommended by	WHO
circumcision	recommended for	HIV prevention
circumcision	not recommended by	some medical associations
circumcision	associated with	decreased HPV risk
circumcision	associated with	decreased HSV-2 risk
circumcision	decreases	bacterial vaginosis in partners
circumcision	decreases	cervical cancer risk in partners
circumcision	performed in	hospitals
circumcision	performed in	clinics
circumcision	performed in	ritual settings
circumcision	involves	dorsal nerve block
circumcision	involves	ring block
circumcision	precedes	wound dressing
circumcision	followed by	pain management
circumcision	contraindicated in	bleeding disorders
circumcision	contraindicated in	penile abnormalities
circumcision	delayed in	premature infants
circumcision	requires	parental consent
circumcision	documented in	medical records
circumcision	reimbursed by	some insurers
circumcision	declined by	some parents
circumcision	compared to	non-therapeutic surgery
circumcision	prevalence varies by	country
circumcision	prevalence high in	USA
circumcision	prevalence low in	Europe
circumcision	debated in	public health
circumcision	studied in	meta-analyses
circumcision	reduces	smegma production
circumcision	eliminates	smegma-related odors
circumcision	may affect	body image
circumcision	may affect	sexual function
circumcision	sometimes requires	revision surgery
circumcision	risks	incomplete circumcision
circumcision	risks	skin bridges
circumcision	risks	urethral injury
circumcision	risks	buried penis
circumcision	preceded by	medical consultation
circumcision	preceded by	sterilization
circumcision	involves	hemostasis
circumcision	involves	sutures or glue
circumcision	follows	aseptic technique
circumcision	increases	hygiene ease
circumcision	decreases	urinary retention
circumcision	decreases	posthitis
circumcision	decreases	balanoposthitis
circumcision	decreases	foreskin infections
circumcision	increases	glans keratinization
circumcision	changes	microbiome
circumcision	studied in	longitudinal studies
circumcision	cost covered by	Medicaid in some states
circumcision	performed more in	private hospitals
circumcision	declining in	Australia
circumcision	stable in	Canada
circumcision	increasing in	Africa for HIV
circumcision	requires	trained practitioner
circumcision	prohibited in	some cultures
circumcision	mandated in	some religions
circumcision	associated with	rite of passage
circumcision	involves	ceremonial aspects
circumcision	sometimes includes	celebration
circumcision	historically practiced by	ancient Egyptians
circumcision	documented in	biblical texts
circumcision	varies in	surgical techniques
circumcision	sometimes requires	general anesthesia
circumcision	monitored for	healing progress
circumcision	may lead to	psychological effects
circumcision	researched in	comparative studies
