oophorectomy	is a	surgical procedure
oophorectomy	removes	ovary
unilateral oophorectomy	removes	one ovary
bilateral oophorectomy	removes	both ovaries
oophorectomy	treats	ovarian cancer
oophorectomy	prevents	ovarian cancer
oophorectomy	treats	ovarian cyst
oophorectomy	treats	endometriosis
oophorectomy	reduces risk	breast cancer
oophorectomy	causes	surgical menopause
oophorectomy	requires	general anesthesia
oophorectomy	performed by	gynecologist
oophorectomy	involves	abdominal incision
oophorectomy	alternative to	hysterectomy
oophorectomy	increases risk	osteoporosis
oophorectomy	affects	hormone levels
oophorectomy	decreases	estrogen
oophorectomy	decreases	progesterone
oophorectomy	increases risk	cardiovascular disease
oophorectomy	affects	bone density
oophorectomy	may cause	hot flashes
oophorectomy	may cause	vaginal dryness
oophorectomy	may require	hormone therapy
oophorectomy	associated with	mood changes
oophorectomy	affects	fertility
oophorectomy	permanent	sterility
oophorectomy	performed via	laparoscopy
oophorectomy	performed via	laparotomy
oophorectomy	has complication	infection
oophorectomy	has complication	bleeding
oophorectomy	has complication	pain
oophorectomy	requires	postoperative care
oophorectomy	followed by	pathology examination
oophorectomy	indicated for	BRCA mutation
oophorectomy	reduces risk	fallopian tube cancer
oophorectomy	affects	sexual function
oophorectomy	may require	psychological support
oophorectomy	alternative to	chemotherapy
oophorectomy	alternative to	radiation therapy
oophorectomy	may precede	hysterectomy
oophorectomy	may follow	hysterectomy
oophorectomy	contraindicated in	pregnancy
oophorectomy	requires	preoperative testing
oophorectomy	involves	fallopian tube removal
oophorectomy	affects	adrenal gland function
oophorectomy	increases risk	dementia
oophorectomy	decreases risk	ovarian torsion
oophorectomy	decreases risk	ectopic pregnancy
oophorectomy	affects	body weight
oophorectomy	affects	lipid profile
oophorectomy	affects	insulin sensitivity
oophorectomy	increases risk	metabolic syndrome
oophorectomy	affects	thyroid function
oophorectomy	may cause	fatigue
oophorectomy	may cause	sleep disturbances
oophorectomy	may cause	memory problems
oophorectomy	may require	calcium supplements
oophorectomy	may require	vitamin D supplements
oophorectomy	affects	urinary system
oophorectomy	increases risk	urinary incontinence
oophorectomy	affects	collagen production
oophorectomy	affects	skin elasticity
oophorectomy	affects	hair growth
oophorectomy	may cause	joint pain
oophorectomy	may cause	muscle aches
oophorectomy	affects	libido
oophorectomy	may require	lubricants
oophorectomy	affects	vaginal pH
oophorectomy	increases risk	vaginal atrophy
oophorectomy	affects	microbiome
oophorectomy	may require	antidepressants
oophorectomy	affects	serotonin levels
oophorectomy	affects	dopamine levels
oophorectomy	affects	cortisol levels
oophorectomy	affects	blood pressure
oophorectomy	affects	heart rate
oophorectomy	increases risk	atrial fibrillation
oophorectomy	affects	inflammatory markers
oophorectomy	affects	immune function
oophorectomy	increases risk	autoimmune diseases
oophorectomy	affects	wound healing
oophorectomy	may require	physical therapy
oophorectomy	affects	balance
oophorectomy	affects	coordination
oophorectomy	affects	cognitive function
oophorectomy	affects	decision making
oophorectomy	affects	risk assessment
oophorectomy	affects	pain perception
oophorectomy	affects	stress response
oophorectomy	affects	circadian rhythm
oophorectomy	affects	body temperature regulation
oophorectomy	affects	sweat production
oophorectomy	affects	sebum production
oophorectomy	affects	nail growth
oophorectomy	affects	wound healing
oophorectomy	affects	scar formation
oophorectomy	affects	postoperative recovery
oophorectomy	affects	quality of life
oophorectomy	affects	life expectancy
oophorectomy	requires	long-term monitoring
