episiotomy	is a	surgical procedure
episiotomy	performed during	childbirth
episiotomy	involves	perineum
episiotomy	prevents	perineal tearing
episiotomy	reduces	birth complications
episiotomy	requires	local anesthesia
episiotomy	performed by	obstetrician
episiotomy	heals within	weeks
episiotomy	causes	postpartum pain
episiotomy	increases	infection risk
episiotomy	may lead	hematoma
episiotomy	associated with	sutures
episiotomy	classified as	midline incision
episiotomy	alternative to	mediolateral incision
episiotomy	reduces	prolonged labor
episiotomy	decreases	fetal distress
episiotomy	recommended for	forceps delivery
episiotomy	common in	first-time mothers
episiotomy	requires	postpartum care
episiotomy	may cause	urinary incontinence
episiotomy	linked to	sexual dysfunction
episiotomy	sometimes followed by	dyspareunia
episiotomy	necessitated by	large baby
episiotomy	used with	vacuum extraction
episiotomy	prevents	severe vaginal tears
episiotomy	contraindicated for	clotting disorders
episiotomy	risk factor for	perineal infection
episiotomy	managed with	painkillers
episiotomy	evaluated via	postpartum checkup
episiotomy	sometimes requires	surgical revision
episiotomy	technique taught in	obstetrics training
episiotomy	debated in	evidence-based medicine
episiotomy	overuse leads	unnecessary trauma
episiotomy	historically common in	hospital births
episiotomy	declining in	modern obstetrics
episiotomy	risks explained in	informed consent
episiotomy	documented in	medical records
episiotomy	influences	recovery duration
episiotomy	may necessitate	bed rest
episiotomy	associated with	swelling
episiotomy	sometimes causes	bleeding
episiotomy	increases need for	sanitary pads
episiotomy	requires	wound monitoring
episiotomy	may lead to	scar tissue
episiotomy	affects	pelvic floor muscles
episiotomy	researched in	maternal health studies
episiotomy	compared with	natural tearing
episiotomy	sometimes prevents	third-degree tear
episiotomy	controversial in	low-risk deliveries
episiotomy	prevalence varies by	country
episiotomy	higher in	instrumental deliveries
episiotomy	influenced by	physician preference
episiotomy	part of	childbirth interventions
episiotomy	may reduce	second-stage duration
episiotomy	sometimes avoids	fetal injury
episiotomy	requires	sterile technique
episiotomy	followed by	ice pack application
episiotomy	may require	antibiotics
episiotomy	associated with	temporary numbness
episiotomy	mentioned in	prenatal classes
episiotomy	sometimes complicates	breastfeeding
episiotomy	increases	hospital stay
episiotomy	risk assessed via	perineal evaluation
episiotomy	contraindicated in	HIV-positive mothers
episiotomy	sometimes precedes	postpartum hemorrhage
episiotomy	managed with	sitz baths
episiotomy	rehabilitation includes	kegel exercises
episiotomy	sometimes delays	resuming intercourse
episiotomy	varies by	incision angle
episiotomy	taught using	simulation models
episiotomy	discussed in	birth plans
episiotomy	sometimes avoided via	perineal massage
episiotomy	more common in	epidural births
episiotomy	studied in	randomized trials
episiotomy	impacts	maternal satisfaction
episiotomy	sometimes involves	delayed suturing
episiotomy	may correlate with	postpartum depression
episiotomy	referenced in	clinical guidelines
episiotomy	sometimes requires	catheterization
episiotomy	influences	pain management strategy
episiotomy	varies by	maternal age
episiotomy	more likely in	Asian populations
episiotomy	less frequent in	midwife-led births
episiotomy	sometimes results in	wound dehiscence
episiotomy	preventable via	controlled pushing
episiotomy	associated with	restricted mobility
episiotomy	sometimes necessitates	physical therapy
episiotomy	risk communicated in	antenatal visits
episiotomy	documented via	operative notes
episiotomy	sometimes followed by	granulation tissue
episiotomy	prevalence tracked in	maternity audits
episiotomy	varies by	hospital policy
episiotomy	sometimes requires	hematoma drainage
episiotomy	may involve	absorbable sutures
episiotomy	associated with	temporary stool softeners
episiotomy	sometimes complicates	subsequent deliveries
episiotomy	influences	breastfeeding positions
episiotomy	researched via	patient-reported outcomes
episiotomy	sometimes prevents	anal sphincter injury
episiotomy	alternatives include	perineal support
