lumpectomy	is a	breast surgery
quadrantectomy	is a	breast surgery
lumpectomy	preserves	breast tissue
quadrantectomy	removes	breast quadrant
lumpectomy	treats	early-stage breast cancer
quadrantectomy	treats	localized breast cancer
lumpectomy	requires	radiation therapy
quadrantectomy	may require	radiation therapy
lumpectomy	has alternative	mastectomy
quadrantectomy	has alternative	mastectomy
lumpectomy	affects	breast appearance
quadrantectomy	affects	breast symmetry
lumpectomy	has complication	infection
quadrantectomy	has complication	bleeding
lumpectomy	needs	follow-up
quadrantectomy	needs	follow-up
lumpectomy	has risk	recurrence
quadrantectomy	has risk	recurrence
lumpectomy	precedes	radiation
quadrantectomy	precedes	radiation
lumpectomy	uses	local anesthesia
quadrantectomy	uses	general anesthesia
lumpectomy	involves	tumor removal
quadrantectomy	involves	tissue removal
lumpectomy	preserves	nipple
quadrantectomy	may remove	nipple
lumpectomy	has advantage	faster recovery
quadrantectomy	has advantage	wider margin
lumpectomy	requires	imaging guidance
quadrantectomy	requires	preoperative marking
lumpectomy	affects	lymph nodes
quadrantectomy	affects	lymph nodes
lumpectomy	followed by	chemotherapy
quadrantectomy	followed by	chemotherapy
lumpectomy	contraindicated in	large tumors
quadrantectomy	contraindicated in	multicentric cancer
lumpectomy	indicated for	DCIS
quadrantectomy	indicated for	invasive carcinoma
lumpectomy	requires	pathological examination
quadrantectomy	requires	pathological examination
lumpectomy	has outcome	survival rate
quadrantectomy	has outcome	survival rate
lumpectomy	performed by	breast surgeon
quadrantectomy	performed by	surgical oncologist
lumpectomy	evaluates	resection margin
quadrantectomy	evaluates	resection margin
lumpectomy	may require	re-excision
quadrantectomy	may require	re-excision
lumpectomy	associated with	breast pain
quadrantectomy	associated with	breast pain
lumpectomy	prevents	metastasis
quadrantectomy	prevents	metastasis
lumpectomy	improves	quality of life
quadrantectomy	improves	prognosis
lumpectomy	reduces	mortality
quadrantectomy	reduces	mortality
lumpectomy	depends on	tumor size
quadrantectomy	depends on	tumor location
lumpectomy	contraindicated in	pregnancy
quadrantectomy	contraindicated in	pregnancy
lumpectomy	requires	patient consent
quadrantectomy	requires	patient consent
lumpectomy	has cost	surgical fee
quadrantectomy	has cost	hospital stay
lumpectomy	needs	wound care
quadrantectomy	needs	wound care
lumpectomy	affects	breastfeeding
quadrantectomy	affects	breastfeeding
lumpectomy	influenced by	patient age
quadrantectomy	influenced by	patient age
lumpectomy	considers	breast size
quadrantectomy	considers	breast size
lumpectomy	evaluates	hormone receptors
quadrantectomy	evaluates	hormone receptors
lumpectomy	may combine with	sentinel node biopsy
quadrantectomy	may combine with	axillary dissection
lumpectomy	requires	postoperative monitoring
quadrantectomy	requires	postoperative monitoring
lumpectomy	prevents	local recurrence
quadrantectomy	prevents	local recurrence
lumpectomy	uses	surgical drains
quadrantectomy	uses	surgical drains
lumpectomy	affected by	tumor grade
quadrantectomy	affected by	tumor grade
lumpectomy	has success rate	90%
quadrantectomy	has success rate	85%
lumpectomy	contraindicated in	connective tissue disease
quadrantectomy	contraindicated in	bleeding disorders
lumpectomy	requires	preoperative imaging
quadrantectomy	requires	preoperative imaging
lumpectomy	affected by	BRCA status
quadrantectomy	affected by	BRCA status
lumpectomy	may cause	seroma
quadrantectomy	may cause	lymphedema
lumpectomy	influenced by	comorbidities
quadrantectomy	influenced by	comorbidities
lumpectomy	has alternative	hormonal therapy
quadrantectomy	has alternative	neoadjuvant therapy
lumpectomy	requires	multidisciplinary team
quadrantectomy	requires	multidisciplinary team
