arteriogram	is a	imaging technique
venogram	is a	imaging technique
arteriogram	visualizes	arteries
venogram	visualizes	veins
arteriogram	requires	contrast dye
venogram	requires	contrast dye
arteriogram	detects	arterial stenosis
venogram	detects	venous thrombosis
arteriogram	evaluates	peripheral artery disease
venogram	evaluates	deep vein thrombosis
arteriogram	performed by	radiologist
venogram	performed by	radiologist
arteriogram	uses	X-ray
venogram	uses	X-ray
arteriogram	diagnoses	aneurysm
venogram	diagnoses	varicose veins
arteriogram	monitors	blood flow
venogram	monitors	blood flow
arteriogram	contraindicated in	pregnancy
venogram	contraindicated in	pregnancy
arteriogram	risks	bleeding
venogram	risks	bleeding
arteriogram	risks	infection
venogram	risks	infection
arteriogram	alternative to	ultrasound
venogram	alternative to	ultrasound
arteriogram	precedes	angioplasty
venogram	precedes	thrombectomy
arteriogram	guides	stent placement
venogram	guides	filter placement
arteriogram	assesses	trauma
venogram	assesses	trauma
arteriogram	locates	hemorrhage
venogram	locates	hemorrhage
arteriogram	contraindicated in	kidney disease
venogram	contraindicated in	kidney disease
arteriogram	requires	fasting
venogram	requires	fasting
arteriogram	evaluates	vascular malformations
venogram	evaluates	vascular malformations
arteriogram	detects	embolism
venogram	detects	embolism
arteriogram	assesses	surgical planning
venogram	assesses	surgical planning
arteriogram	contraindicated in	allergy to contrast
venogram	contraindicated in	allergy to contrast
arteriogram	can cause	nephropathy
venogram	can cause	nephropathy
arteriogram	follows	physical exam
venogram	follows	physical exam
arteriogram	confirms	claudication
venogram	confirms	phlebitis
arteriogram	precedes	bypass surgery
venogram	precedes	sclerotherapy
arteriogram	monitors	graft patency
venogram	monitors	graft patency
arteriogram	evaluates	dialysis access
venogram	evaluates	dialysis access
arteriogram	requires	informed consent
venogram	requires	informed consent
arteriogram	contraindicated in	uncontrolled hypertension
venogram	contraindicated in	uncontrolled hypertension
arteriogram	uses	catheter
venogram	uses	catheter
arteriogram	can cause	hematoma
venogram	can cause	hematoma
arteriogram	assesses	ischemia
venogram	assesses	venous insufficiency
arteriogram	detects	arteriovenous fistula
venogram	detects	arteriovenous fistula
arteriogram	contraindicated in	severe anemia
venogram	contraindicated in	severe anemia
arteriogram	can lead	pseudoaneurysm
venogram	can lead	pseudoaneurysm
arteriogram	evaluates	post-operative complications
venogram	evaluates	post-operative complications
arteriogram	contraindicated in	coagulopathy
venogram	contraindicated in	coagulopathy
arteriogram	requires	sterile technique
venogram	requires	sterile technique
arteriogram	assesses	tumor vascularity
venogram	assesses	tumor vascularity
arteriogram	detects	vasculitis
venogram	detects	vasculitis
arteriogram	contraindicated in	active infection
venogram	contraindicated in	active infection
arteriogram	monitors	treatment response
venogram	monitors	treatment response
arteriogram	precedes	embolization
venogram	precedes	thrombolysis
arteriogram	evaluates	congenital anomalies
venogram	evaluates	congenital anomalies
arteriogram	detects	dissection
venogram	detects	dissection
arteriogram	contraindicated in	severe dehydration
venogram	contraindicated in	severe dehydration
arteriogram	can cause	vasospasm
venogram	can cause	vasospasm
arteriogram	assesses	limb salvage
venogram	assesses	limb salvage
