echocardiogram	is a	diagnostic test
echocardiogram	uses	ultrasound technology
echocardiogram	examines	heart structure
echocardiogram	evaluates	heart function
echocardiogram	detects	heart abnormalities
echocardiogram	measures	ejection fraction
echocardiogram	assesses	valve function
echocardiogram	identifies	congenital defects
echocardiogram	monitors	heart disease progression
echocardiogram	guides	treatment decisions
echocardiogram	requires	trained technician
echocardiogram	produces	cardiac images
echocardiogram	has types	transthoracic echocardiogram
echocardiogram	has types	transesophageal echocardiogram
echocardiogram	has types	stress echocardiogram
echocardiogram	has types	Doppler echocardiogram
transthoracic echocardiogram	is	noninvasive
transesophageal echocardiogram	provides	clearer images
stress echocardiogram	evaluates	heart under stress
Doppler echocardiogram	measures	blood flow
echocardiogram	diagnoses	cardiomyopathy
echocardiogram	detects	pericardial effusion
echocardiogram	evaluates	ventricular function
echocardiogram	assesses	atrial size
echocardiogram	screens for	endocarditis
echocardiogram	measures	chamber dimensions
echocardiogram	evaluates	wall motion
echocardiogram	detects	blood clots
echocardiogram	assesses	prosthetic valve function
echocardiogram	guides	cardiac interventions
echocardiogram	monitors	chemotherapy effects
echocardiogram	predicts	cardiac risk
echocardiogram	evaluates	pulmonary hypertension
echocardiogram	measures	cardiac output
echocardiogram	assesses	diastolic function
echocardiogram	detects	myocarditis
echocardiogram	evaluates	septal defects
echocardiogram	screens	athletes
echocardiogram	monitors	heart transplant
echocardiogram	follows up	cardiac surgery
echocardiogram	uses	gel
echocardiogram	requires	patient cooperation
echocardiogram	contraindicated in	severe obesity
echocardiogram	limited by	lung disease
echocardiogram	complements	electrocardiogram
echocardiogram	more detailed than	chest X-ray
echocardiogram	safer than	cardiac catheterization
echocardiogram	performed by	cardiologist
echocardiogram	interpreted by	imaging specialist
echocardiogram	documented in	medical record
echocardiogram	covered by	insurance
echocardiogram	requires	physician order
echocardiogram	takes	30-60 minutes
echocardiogram	needs	preparation instructions
echocardiogram	follows	safety protocols
echocardiogram	maintains	patient privacy
echocardiogram	uses	sterile probe covers
echocardiogram	stores	digital images
echocardiogram	compares	previous studies
echocardiogram	generates	diagnostic report
echocardiogram	assists	preoperative assessment
echocardiogram	monitors	pacemaker function
echocardiogram	evaluates	cardiac tumors
echocardiogram	detects	aortic dissection
echocardiogram	assesses	cardiac trauma
echocardiogram	screens	family members
echocardiogram	predicts	heart failure
echocardiogram	guides	medication adjustment
echocardiogram	evaluates	artificial heart
echocardiogram	monitors	ventricular assist device
echocardiogram	detects	vegetation
echocardiogram	assesses	shunt direction
echocardiogram	measures	pulmonary pressure
echocardiogram	evaluates	right heart function
echocardiogram	detects	thrombus
echocardiogram	assesses	pericardium
echocardiogram	evaluates	cardiac tamponade
echocardiogram	detects	aortic stenosis
echocardiogram	measures	valve area
echocardiogram	calculates	stroke volume
echocardiogram	estimates	filling pressure
echocardiogram	detects	mitral regurgitation
echocardiogram	grades	valve leakage
echocardiogram	evaluates	prosthetic valve
echocardiogram	detects	endocarditis complication
echocardiogram	monitors	heart failure therapy
echocardiogram	predicts	arrhythmia risk
echocardiogram	assesses	cardiac synchronization
echocardiogram	detects	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
echocardiogram	evaluates	left atrial pressure
echocardiogram	measures	wall thickness
echocardiogram	detects	dilated cardiomyopathy
echocardiogram	assesses	global strain
echocardiogram	evaluates	contractile reserve
echocardiogram	detects	regional wall abnormalities
echocardiogram	predicts	sudden cardiac death
echocardiogram	monitors	valvular disease
echocardiogram	guides	surgical planning
echocardiogram	contributes to	risk stratification
echocardiogram	enhances	cardiac diagnosis
