electroencephalogram	is a	diagnostic test
electroencephalogram	measures	brain activity
electroencephalogram	uses	electrodes
electroencephalogram	detects	epilepsy
electroencephalogram	evaluates	seizures
electroencephalogram	monitors	sleep disorders
electroencephalogram	assesses	brain damage
electroencephalogram	diagnoses	encephalopathy
electroencephalogram	screens	brain tumors
electroencephalogram	tests	brain death
electroencephalogram	records	electrical impulses
electroencephalogram	requires	scalp preparation
electroencephalogram	performed by	neurologist
electroencephalogram	takes	20-40 minutes
electroencephalogram	may follow	sleep deprivation
electroencephalogram	contraindicated in	scalp wounds
electroencephalogram	alternative to	MRI
electroencephalogram	cheaper than	PET scan
electroencephalogram	non-invasive	procedure
electroencephalogram	safer than	invasive monitoring
electroencephalogram	first used	1929
electroencephalogram	invented by	Hans Berger
electroencephalogram	measures	delta waves
electroencephalogram	measures	theta waves
electroencephalogram	measures	alpha waves
electroencephalogram	measures	beta waves
electroencephalogram	identifies	spike waves
electroencephalogram	detects	slow waves
electroencephalogram	shows	seizure patterns
electroencephalogram	reveals	focal abnormalities
electroencephalogram	indicates	encephalitis
electroencephalogram	suggests	stroke
electroencephalogram	helps diagnose	dementia
electroencephalogram	evaluates	coma
electroencephalogram	monitors	anesthesia
electroencephalogram	tracks	brain development
electroencephalogram	assesses	ADHD
electroencephalogram	studies	concussion
electroencephalogram	researches	consciousness
electroencephalogram	analyzes	brain mapping
EEG technician	performs	electroencephalogram
neurologist	interprets	electroencephalogram
hospital	offers	electroencephalogram
clinic	provides	electroencephalogram
ambulatory EEG	is a type of	electroencephalogram
sleep EEG	is a type of	electroencephalogram
video EEG	is a type of	electroencephalogram
routine EEG	is a type of	electroencephalogram
prolonged EEG	is a type of	electroencephalogram
electroencephalogram	requires	patient cooperation
electroencephalogram	contraindicated in	uncooperative patients
electroencephalogram	affected by	medications
electroencephalogram	influenced by	caffeine
electroencephalogram	disrupted by	movement
electroencephalogram	improved by	digital technology
electroencephalogram	stored as	electronic record
electroencephalogram	compared with	previous tests
electroencephalogram	part of	neurological exam
electroencephalogram	complements	clinical assessment
electroencephalogram	precedes	treatment planning
electroencephalogram	guides	medication choice
electroencephalogram	monitors	treatment efficacy
electroencephalogram	detects	drug toxicity
electroencephalogram	evaluates	brain injury
electroencephalogram	assists in	surgical planning
electroencephalogram	measures	cognitive function
electroencephalogram	researches	brain disorders
electroencephalogram	studies	mental illness
electroencephalogram	investigates	neurodegenerative diseases
electroencephalogram	explores	brain-computer interfaces
electroencephalogram	used in	neuroscience
electroencephalogram	applied in	psychiatry
electroencephalogram	utilized in	intensive care
electroencephalogram	helpful for	epilepsy monitoring
electroencephalogram	essential for	seizure classification
electroencephalogram	confirms	non-epileptic seizures
electroencephalogram	differentiates	seizure types
electroencephalogram	predicts	seizure recurrence
electroencephalogram	assesses	seizure severity
electroencephalogram	evaluates	anticonvulsant effects
electroencephalogram	monitors	status epilepticus
electroencephalogram	detects	subclinical seizures
electroencephalogram	identifies	epileptogenic zone
electroencephalogram	localizes	seizure focus
electroencephalogram	correlates with	MRI findings
electroencephalogram	combines with	video monitoring
electroencephalogram	integrates with	polysomnography
electroencephalogram	synchronizes with	EKG
electroencephalogram	complements	CT scan
electroencephalogram	contrasts with	fMRI
electroencephalogram	superior for	temporal resolution
electroencephalogram	inferior for	spatial resolution
electroencephalogram	portable version exists
electroencephalogram	wearable versions developed
electroencephalogram	mobile applications emerging
electroencephalogram	artificial intelligence analyzes
electroencephalogram	machine learning improves
electroencephalogram	automated interpretation possible
electroencephalogram	evolving technology
electroencephalogram	remains fundamental tool
