electrocardiogram	is a	diagnostic test
electrocardiogram	measures	heart activity
electrocardiogram	detects	arrhythmias
electrocardiogram	evaluates	heart rate
electrocardiogram	identifies	myocardial infarction
electrocardiogram	assesses	cardiac ischemia
electrocardiogram	monitors	electrolyte imbalances
electrocardiogram	screens	heart disease
electrocardiogram	records	electrical signals
electrocardiogram	uses	electrodes
electrocardiogram	performed by	cardiologist
electrocardiogram	requires	patient preparation
electrocardiogram	has variant	stress ECG
electrocardiogram	has variant	Holter monitor
electrocardiogram	has variant	event monitor
electrocardiogram	precedes	cardiac treatment
electrocardiogram	follows	cardiac symptoms
electrocardiogram	aids in	pacemaker evaluation
electrocardiogram	contraindicates	certain medications
electrocardiogram	correlates with	echocardiogram
electrocardiogram	complements	blood tests
electrocardiogram	differentiates	tachycardia types
electrocardiogram	confirms	atrial fibrillation
electrocardiogram	rules out	pulmonary embolism
electrocardiogram	predicts	sudden cardiac death
electrocardiogram	associates with	hypertension
electrocardiogram	links to	coronary artery disease
electrocardiogram	indicates	left ventricular hypertrophy
electrocardiogram	detects	bundle branch block
electrocardiogram	reveals	prolonged QT interval
electrocardiogram	identifies	ST elevation
electrocardiogram	shows	PR interval
electrocardiogram	measures	QRS complex
electrocardiogram	evaluates	T wave
electrocardiogram	analyzes	U wave
electrocardiogram	interprets	heart axis
electrocardiogram	classifies	sinus rhythm
electrocardiogram	distinguishes	supraventricular tachycardia
electrocardiogram	diagnoses	ventricular fibrillation
electrocardiogram	flags	heart block
electrocardiogram	facilitates	preoperative assessment
electrocardiogram	supports	emergency diagnosis
electrocardiogram	integrates with	EMR systems
electrocardiogram	stored as	digital record
electrocardiogram	transmitted for	telemedicine
electrocardiogram	reviewed by	AI algorithms
electrocardiogram	standardizes	lead placement
electrocardiogram	varies by	patient age
electrocardiogram	alters with	body position
electrocardiogram	affected by	medications
electrocardiogram	changes during	exercise
electrocardiogram	normalizes after	treatment
electrocardiogram	improves with	electrode quality
electrocardiogram	confounded by	movement artifacts
electrocardiogram	requires	skin preparation
electrocardiogram	contraindicated in	skin infections
electrocardiogram	limited by	obesity
electrocardiogram	enhanced by	signal filtering
electrocardiogram	validated by	clinical guidelines
electrocardiogram	taught in	medical school
electrocardiogram	certified by	professional boards
electrocardiogram	reimbursed by	insurance
electrocardiogram	costs	healthcare system
electrocardiogram	reduces	diagnostic delays
electrocardiogram	prevents	unnecessary surgeries
electrocardiogram	guides	medication adjustments
electrocardiogram	influences	prognosis
electrocardiogram	tracks	disease progression
electrocardiogram	alerts	critical conditions
electrocardiogram	assists	resuscitation efforts
electrocardiogram	part of	routine physical
electrocardiogram	mandated for	certain occupations
electrocardiogram	compares with	previous readings
electrocardiogram	updates	patient history
electrocardiogram	documents	cardiac events
electrocardiogram	shared among	care teams
electrocardiogram	archived in	health records
electrocardiogram	retrievable for	research
electrocardiogram	cited in	clinical studies
electrocardiogram	referenced in	guidelines
electrocardiogram	misinterpreted by	novices
electrocardiogram	clarified by	specialists
electrocardiogram	disputed in	complex cases
electrocardiogram	confirms	device function
electrocardiogram	verifies	lead integrity
electrocardiogram	troubleshoots	technical issues
electrocardiogram	maintained by	biomedical staff
electrocardiogram	calibrated for	accuracy
electrocardiogram	upgraded with	new features
electrocardiogram	portable in	ambulatory settings
electrocardiogram	miniaturized in	wearable tech
electrocardiogram	innovates with	mobile apps
electrocardiogram	advances with	machine learning
electrocardiogram	personalized for	precision medicine
electrocardiogram	integrates	genetic data
electrocardiogram	combines with	imaging data
electrocardiogram	predicts	treatment response
electrocardiogram	tailors	therapeutic plans
electrocardiogram	empowers	patient awareness
electrocardiogram	evolves with	medical technology
