mastoidectomy	is a	surgical procedure
mastoidectomy	treats	mastoiditis
mastoidectomy	removes	infected mastoid air cells
mastoidectomy	prevents	intracranial complications
mastoidectomy	requires	general anesthesia
mastoidectomy	performed by	otolaryngologist
mastoidectomy	involves	temporal bone
mastoidectomy	addresses	cholesteatoma
mastoidectomy	reduces	hearing loss risk
mastoidectomy	follows	failed antibiotic therapy
mastoidectomy	has risk	facial nerve injury
mastoidectomy	may require	tympanoplasty
mastoidectomy	associated with	otorrhea
mastoidectomy	treats	chronic otitis media
mastoidectomy	improves	aeration
mastoidectomy	uses	surgical drill
mastoidectomy	requires	postoperative care
mastoidectomy	prevents	meningitis
mastoidectomy	classified as	canal-wall-up or canal-wall-down
mastoidectomy	documented in	operative report
mastoidectomy	preceded by	CT scan
mastoidectomy	evaluates	ossicular chain
mastoidectomy	may involve	ossiculoplasty
mastoidectomy	monitors	vertigo
mastoidectomy	assesses	cerebrospinal fluid leak
mastoidectomy	manages	petrositis
mastoidectomy	correlates with	antibiotic resistance
mastoidectomy	influenced by	comorbidities
mastoidectomy	affected by	patient age
mastoidectomy	considers	hearing status
mastoidectomy	examines	tegmen integrity
mastoidectomy	checks	sigmoid sinus
mastoidectomy	inspects	dura mater
mastoidectomy	preserves	cochlea
mastoidectomy	avoids	labyrinth injury
mastoidectomy	coordinates with	audiology
mastoidectomy	plans with	imaging
mastoidectomy	schedules	follow-up visits
mastoidectomy	reviews	medical history
mastoidectomy	screens	allergies
mastoidectomy	anticipates	bleeding
mastoidectomy	prepares	blood transfusion
mastoidectomy	uses	electrocautery
mastoidectomy	irrigates	surgical site
mastoidectomy	packs	mastoid cavity
mastoidectomy	changes	dressings
mastoidectomy	controls	pain
mastoidectomy	prescribes	analgesics
mastoidectomy	recommends	head elevation
mastoidectomy	advises	activity restriction
mastoidectomy	warns	infection signs
mastoidectomy	educates	wound care
mastoidectomy	suggests	hearing aid
mastoidectomy	collaborates	infectious disease specialist
mastoidectomy	consults	neurologist
mastoidectomy	refers	physical therapy
mastoidectomy	documents	complications
mastoidectomy	reports	facial weakness
mastoidectomy	tracks	recovery progress
mastoidectomy	measures	audiometry results
mastoidectomy	analyzes	culture results
mastoidectomy	adjusts	antibiotic regimen
mastoidectomy	considers	revision surgery
mastoidectomy	predicts	hearing outcome
mastoidectomy	estimates	hospitalization duration
mastoidectomy	impacts	quality of life
mastoidectomy	relates	antibiotic prophylaxis
mastoidectomy	necessitates	sterile technique
mastoidectomy	follows	surgical checklist
mastoidectomy	verifies	patient identity
mastoidectomy	confirms	surgical site
mastoidectomy	positions	patient
mastoidectomy	drapes	surgical field
mastoidectomy	incises	postauricular skin
mastoidectomy	exposes	mastoid cortex
mastoidectomy	identifies	landmarks
mastoidectomy	removes	diseased bone
mastoidectomy	preserves	vital structures
mastoidectomy	reconstructs	ear canal
mastoidectomy	closes	wound
mastoidectomy	applies	antibiotic ointment
mastoidectomy	covers	surgical site
mastoidectomy	monitors	vital signs
mastoidectomy	assesses	neurological status
mastoidectomy	detects	complications early
mastoidectomy	manages	postoperative nausea
mastoidectomy	prevents	venous thromboembolism
mastoidectomy	encourages	early ambulation
mastoidectomy	limits	heavy lifting
mastoidectomy	avoids	water exposure
mastoidectomy	schedules	audiology follow-up
mastoidectomy	provides	discharge instructions
mastoidectomy	arranges	home health care
mastoidectomy	coordinates	rehabilitation
mastoidectomy	improves	middle ear function
mastoidectomy	resolves	persistent infection
mastoidectomy	restores	aural health
mastoidectomy	enhances	patient safety
mastoidectomy	optimizes	surgical outcomes
mastoidectomy	advances	otologic care
