tonsillectomy	is a	surgical procedure
adenoidectomy	is a	surgical procedure
tonsillectomy	removes	tonsils
adenoidectomy	removes	adenoids
tonsillectomy	treats	chronic tonsillitis
adenoidectomy	treats	adenoid hypertrophy
tonsillectomy	prevents	recurrent throat infections
adenoidectomy	improves	nasal breathing
tonsillectomy	reduces	snoring
adenoidectomy	reduces	sleep apnea
tonsillectomy	requires	general anesthesia
adenoidectomy	requires	general anesthesia
tonsillectomy	has risk	bleeding
adenoidectomy	has risk	bleeding
tonsillectomy	has complication	pain
adenoidectomy	has complication	pain
tonsillectomy	has recovery time	1-2 weeks
adenoidectomy	has recovery time	1 week
tonsillectomy	performed by	ENT surgeon
adenoidectomy	performed by	ENT surgeon
tonsillectomy	indicated for	peritonsillar abscess
adenoidectomy	indicated for	otitis media
tonsillectomy	contraindicated in	bleeding disorders
adenoidectomy	contraindicated in	cleft palate
tonsillectomy	uses instrument	scalpel
adenoidectomy	uses instrument	curette
tonsillectomy	alternative to	antibiotics
adenoidectomy	alternative to	nasal steroids
tonsillectomy	affects	speech
adenoidectomy	affects	voice
tonsillectomy	changes	immune function
adenoidectomy	changes	immune function
tonsillectomy	increases risk	obesity
adenoidectomy	increases risk	allergy
tonsillectomy	decreases risk	strep throat
adenoidectomy	decreases risk	sinusitis
tonsillectomy	requires	preoperative testing
adenoidectomy	requires	preoperative testing
tonsillectomy	followed by	liquid diet
adenoidectomy	followed by	soft diet
tonsillectomy	associated with	dehydration
adenoidectomy	associated with	nausea
tonsillectomy	prevents	rheumatic fever
adenoidectomy	prevents	hearing loss
tonsillectomy	treats	tonsil stones
adenoidectomy	treats	nasal obstruction
tonsillectomy	performed with	adenoidectomy
adenoidectomy	performed with	tonsillectomy
tonsillectomy	uses technique	cold dissection
adenoidectomy	uses technique	electrocautery
tonsillectomy	alternative technique	coblation
adenoidectomy	alternative technique	microdebrider
tonsillectomy	causes	throat swelling
adenoidectomy	causes	nasal congestion
tonsillectomy	managed with	analgesics
adenoidectomy	managed with	analgesics
tonsillectomy	complication	infection
adenoidectomy	complication	infection
tonsillectomy	rare complication	velopharyngeal insufficiency
adenoidectomy	rare complication	nasopharyngeal stenosis
tonsillectomy	requires	postoperative care
adenoidectomy	requires	postoperative care
tonsillectomy	follow-up	2 weeks
adenoidectomy	follow-up	1 week
tonsillectomy	indication	sleep-disordered breathing
adenoidectomy	indication	nasal obstruction
tonsillectomy	contraindication	severe anemia
adenoidectomy	contraindication	acute infection
tonsillectomy	history	ancient practice
adenoidectomy	history	19th century
tonsillectomy	cost	varies
adenoidectomy	cost	varies
tonsillectomy	performed in	outpatient setting
adenoidectomy	performed in	outpatient setting
tonsillectomy	requires	fasting
adenoidectomy	requires	fasting
tonsillectomy	uses	throat pack
adenoidectomy	uses	headlight
tonsillectomy	affects	taste
adenoidectomy	affects	smell
tonsillectomy	complication	hemorrhage
adenoidectomy	complication	hemorrhage
tonsillectomy	prevents	tonsillar cancer
adenoidectomy	prevents	eustachian tube dysfunction
tonsillectomy	alternative	laser ablation
adenoidectomy	alternative	radiofrequency ablation
tonsillectomy	indication	PFAPA syndrome
adenoidectomy	indication	chronic rhinosinusitis
tonsillectomy	contraindication	uncontrolled diabetes
adenoidectomy	contraindication	bleeding diathesis
tonsillectomy	preparation	blood tests
adenoidectomy	preparation	blood tests
tonsillectomy	outcome measure	symptom resolution
adenoidectomy	outcome measure	symptom resolution
tonsillectomy	long-term effect	immune adjustment
adenoidectomy	long-term effect	facial growth
tonsillectomy	research area	pain management
adenoidectomy	research area	minimal invasive techniques
tonsillectomy	quality measure	readmission rate
adenoidectomy	quality measure	complication rate
