lobectomy	is a	surgical procedure
pneumonectomy	is a	surgical procedure
lobectomy	removes	lung lobe
pneumonectomy	removes	entire lung
lobectomy	treats	lung cancer
pneumonectomy	treats	lung cancer
lobectomy	treats	tuberculosis
pneumonectomy	treats	tuberculosis
lobectomy	treats	emphysema
pneumonectomy	treats	bronchiectasis
lobectomy	performed via	thoracotomy
pneumonectomy	performed via	thoracotomy
lobectomy	performed via	VATS
pneumonectomy	risks	bleeding
lobectomy	risks	infection
pneumonectomy	risks	pneumonia
lobectomy	risks	air leak
pneumonectomy	risks	respiratory failure
lobectomy	requires	general anesthesia
pneumonectomy	requires	general anesthesia
lobectomy	followed by	chest tube
pneumonectomy	followed by	chest tube
lobectomy	affects	lung function
pneumonectomy	affects	lung function
lobectomy	requires	postoperative pain management
pneumonectomy	requires	postoperative pain management
lobectomy	may lead to	atelectasis
pneumonectomy	may lead to	pulmonary edema
lobectomy	contraindicated in	severe COPD
pneumonectomy	contraindicated in	poor cardiac function
lobectomy	preceded by	pulmonary function tests
pneumonectomy	preceded by	pulmonary function tests
lobectomy	preceded by	CT scan
pneumonectomy	preceded by	CT scan
lobectomy	preceded by	PET scan
pneumonectomy	preceded by	PET scan
lobectomy	performed by	thoracic surgeon
pneumonectomy	performed by	thoracic surgeon
lobectomy	involves	lymph node dissection
pneumonectomy	involves	lymph node dissection
lobectomy	associated with	shorter recovery
pneumonectomy	associated with	longer recovery
lobectomy	may require	ICU stay
pneumonectomy	may require	ICU stay
lobectomy	complication	arrhythmia
pneumonectomy	complication	empyema
lobectomy	complication	bronchopleural fistula
pneumonectomy	complication	postpneumonectomy syndrome
lobectomy	outcome measure	survival rate
pneumonectomy	outcome measure	survival rate
lobectomy	alternative	radiation therapy
pneumonectomy	alternative	radiation therapy
lobectomy	alternative	chemotherapy
pneumonectomy	alternative	chemotherapy
lobectomy	adjuvant therapy	chemotherapy
pneumonectomy	adjuvant therapy	chemotherapy
lobectomy	adjuvant therapy	immunotherapy
pneumonectomy	adjuvant therapy	immunotherapy
lobectomy	requires	preoperative counseling
pneumonectomy	requires	preoperative counseling
lobectomy	monitoring	oxygen saturation
pneumonectomy	monitoring	oxygen saturation
lobectomy	monitoring	chest X-ray
pneumonectomy	monitoring	chest X-ray
lobectomy	rehabilitation	breathing exercises
pneumonectomy	rehabilitation	breathing exercises
lobectomy	rehabilitation	physical therapy
pneumonectomy	rehabilitation	physical therapy
lobectomy	cost	hospital charges
pneumonectomy	cost	hospital charges
lobectomy	influenced by	tumor stage
pneumonectomy	influenced by	tumor stage
lobectomy	influenced by	patient age
pneumonectomy	influenced by	patient age
lobectomy	influenced by	comorbidities
pneumonectomy	influenced by	comorbidities
lobectomy	research focus	minimally invasive techniques
pneumonectomy	research focus	postoperative outcomes
lobectomy	related to	segmentectomy
pneumonectomy	related to	extrapleural pneumonectomy
lobectomy	uses	surgical staplers
pneumonectomy	uses	surgical staplers
lobectomy	uses	electrocautery
pneumonectomy	uses	electrocautery
lobectomy	anatomy	bronchial tree
pneumonectomy	anatomy	pulmonary artery
lobectomy	anatomy	pulmonary vein
pneumonectomy	anatomy	main bronchus
lobectomy	postoperative	pleural drainage
pneumonectomy	postoperative	pleural drainage
lobectomy	postoperative	incentive spirometry
pneumonectomy	postoperative	incentive spirometry
lobectomy	mortality predictor	preoperative FEV1
pneumonectomy	mortality predictor	preoperative FEV1
lobectomy	mortality predictor	DLCO
pneumonectomy	mortality predictor	DLCO
lobectomy	readmission risk	infection
pneumonectomy	readmission risk	infection
lobectomy	readmission risk	pulmonary complications
pneumonectomy	readmission risk	pulmonary complications
