embolectomy	is a	surgical procedure
endarterectomy	is a	surgical procedure
embolectomy	treats	arterial embolism
endarterectomy	treats	atherosclerosis
lower limb embolectomy	is a type of	embolectomy
lower limb endarterectomy	is a type of	endarterectomy
embolectomy	removes	blood clot
endarterectomy	removes	plaque
embolectomy	requires	vascular access
endarterectomy	requires	vascular access
embolectomy	prevents	tissue necrosis
endarterectomy	improves	blood flow
embolectomy	uses	Fogarty catheter
endarterectomy	uses	surgical scalpel
embolectomy	risks	vessel injury
endarterectomy	risks	vessel injury
embolectomy	complications	bleeding
endarterectomy	complications	restenosis
embolectomy	indications	acute limb ischemia
endarterectomy	indications	chronic limb ischemia
embolectomy	contraindications	severe comorbidities
endarterectomy	contraindications	infection
embolectomy	preoperative care	anticoagulation
endarterectomy	preoperative care	antiplatelet therapy
embolectomy	postoperative care	monitoring
endarterectomy	postoperative care	wound care
embolectomy	performed by	vascular surgeon
endarterectomy	performed by	vascular surgeon
embolectomy	location	operating room
endarterectomy	location	operating room
embolectomy	anesthesia	general anesthesia
endarterectomy	anesthesia	regional anesthesia
embolectomy	duration	1-2 hours
endarterectomy	duration	2-4 hours
embolectomy	follow-up	ultrasound
endarterectomy	follow-up	angiography
embolectomy	costs	hospital fees
endarterectomy	costs	surgeon fees
embolectomy	alternative	thrombolysis
endarterectomy	alternative	bypass surgery
embolectomy	success rate	80-90%
endarterectomy	success rate	70-85%
embolectomy	mortality rate	1-2%
endarterectomy	mortality rate	2-3%
embolectomy	readmission rate	5-10%
endarterectomy	readmission rate	10-15%
embolectomy	risk factors	atrial fibrillation
endarterectomy	risk factors	smoking
embolectomy	associated with	heart disease
endarterectomy	associated with	diabetes
embolectomy	prevention	anticoagulants
endarterectomy	prevention	statins
embolectomy	rehabilitation	physical therapy
endarterectomy	rehabilitation	walking program
embolectomy	equipment	fluoroscopy
endarterectomy	equipment	surgical loupes
embolectomy	technique	balloon catheter
endarterectomy	technique	plaque excision
embolectomy	hospital stay	3-5 days
endarterectomy	hospital stay	5-7 days
embolectomy	pain management	opioids
endarterectomy	pain management	NSAIDs
embolectomy	nursing care	vital monitoring
endarterectomy	nursing care	incision care
embolectomy	diagnostic test	CT angiography
endarterectomy	diagnostic test	Doppler ultrasound
embolectomy	emergency	limb salvage
endarterectomy	elective	symptom relief
embolectomy	contraindication	advanced gangrene
endarterectomy	contraindication	poor runoff
embolectomy	instrumentation	vascular clamps
endarterectomy	instrumentation	patch material
embolectomy	sutures	absorbable
endarterectomy	sutures	non-absorbable
embolectomy	hemostasis	pressure
endarterectomy	hemostasis	electrocautery
embolectomy	patient position	supine
endarterectomy	patient position	supine
embolectomy	antibiotic prophylaxis	cefazolin
endarterectomy	antibiotic prophylaxis	vancomycin
embolectomy	blood loss	minimal
endarterectomy	blood loss	moderate
embolectomy	wound closure	staples
endarterectomy	wound closure	sutures
embolectomy	dressing	sterile
endarterectomy	dressing	compression
embolectomy	discharge criteria	stable
endarterectomy	discharge criteria	ambulatory
embolectomy	reintervention rate	10%
endarterectomy	reintervention rate	15%
embolectomy	quality of life	improved
endarterectomy	quality of life	improved
embolectomy	long term outcome	variable
endarterectomy	long term outcome	durable
embolectomy	patient education	medication
endarterectomy	patient education	lifestyle
embolectomy	research	catheter technology
endarterectomy	research	stent technology
embolectomy	training	fellowship
endarterectomy	training	residency
