gastrectomy	is a	surgical procedure
gastrectomy	treats	stomach cancer
partial gastrectomy	removes part of	stomach
total gastrectomy	removes entire	stomach
gastrectomy	performed for	gastric ulcers
gastrectomy	performed for	benign tumors
gastrectomy	requires	general anesthesia
gastrectomy	has risk of	bleeding
gastrectomy	has risk of	infection
gastrectomy	may cause	dumping syndrome
gastrectomy	may lead to	vitamin deficiency
gastrectomy	may lead to	anemia
gastrectomy	requires	postoperative care
gastrectomy	followed by	dietary changes
gastrectomy	affects	digestion
total gastrectomy	requires	esophagojejunostomy
partial gastrectomy	preserves	pylorus
gastrectomy	performed by	general surgeon
gastrectomy	preceded by	imaging tests
gastrectomy	preceded by	endoscopy
gastrectomy	alternative to	chemotherapy
gastrectomy	complementary to	radiation therapy
gastrectomy	affects	nutritional status
gastrectomy	may require	blood transfusion
gastrectomy	has	recovery period
gastrectomy	may cause	weight loss
gastrectomy	may require	nutritional supplements
gastrectomy	increases risk of	osteoporosis
gastrectomy	affects	gastric emptying
gastrectomy	changes	stomach acidity
gastrectomy	alters	gut microbiota
gastrectomy	may lead to	gastric stump cancer
gastrectomy	requires	lymph node dissection
gastrectomy	classified as	major surgery
gastrectomy	has	mortality risk
gastrectomy	may cause	anastomotic leak
gastrectomy	may require	intensive care
gastrectomy	preceded by	biopsy
gastrectomy	indicated for	perforated ulcers
gastrectomy	treatment for	Zollinger-Ellison syndrome
gastrectomy	may require	proton pump inhibitors
gastrectomy	affects	ghrelin production
gastrectomy	changes	eating patterns
gastrectomy	may cause	early satiety
gastrectomy	may lead to	malnutrition
gastrectomy	requires	follow-up endoscopy
gastrectomy	associated with	quality of life changes
gastrectomy	may require	feeding tube
gastrectomy	affects	drug absorption
gastrectomy	contraindicated in	severe comorbidities
gastrectomy	may cause	bile reflux
gastrectomy	may lead to	esophageal reflux
gastrectomy	affects	iron absorption
gastrectomy	affects	vitamin B12 absorption
gastrectomy	may require	lifelong monitoring
gastrectomy	performed via	laparotomy
gastrectomy	performed via	laparoscopy
gastrectomy	has	postoperative pain
gastrectomy	requires	pain management
gastrectomy	affects	body image
gastrectomy	may cause	fatigue
gastrectomy	may lead to	depression
gastrectomy	requires	rehabilitation
gastrectomy	preceded by	nutritional assessment
gastrectomy	involves	stomach resection
gastrectomy	affects	gastric hormones
gastrectomy	alters	digestive enzymes
gastrectomy	changes	intestinal adaptation
gastrectomy	may cause	diarrhea
gastrectomy	may lead to	dehydration
gastrectomy	requires	fluid management
gastrectomy	affects	glucose metabolism
gastrectomy	may cause	reactive hypoglycemia
gastrectomy	preceded by	cardiac evaluation
gastrectomy	requires	pulmonary clearance
gastrectomy	has	surgical complications
gastrectomy	may require	reoperation
gastrectomy	affects	life expectancy
gastrectomy	performed in	hospital setting
gastrectomy	requires	surgical team
gastrectomy	uses	surgical instruments
gastrectomy	involves	tissue dissection
gastrectomy	requires	wound care
gastrectomy	may cause	nerve damage
gastrectomy	affects	abdominal muscles
gastrectomy	changes	bowel habits
gastrectomy	may lead to	small bowel obstruction
gastrectomy	requires	activity restrictions
gastrectomy	affects	physical function
gastrectomy	may require	psychological support
gastrectomy	preceded by	informed consent
gastrectomy	involves	risk-benefit analysis
gastrectomy	costs	healthcare resources
gastrectomy	has	variable outcomes
gastrectomy	depends on	surgeon experience
gastrectomy	influenced by	patient factors
gastrectomy	requires	multidisciplinary approach
gastrectomy	documented in	medical records
gastrectomy	subject to	surgical audits
gastrectomy	contributes to	surgical research
