laparoscopy	is a	surgical procedure
laparoscopy	used for	diagnosis
laparoscopy	used for	treatment
laparoscopy	involves	minimally invasive technique
laparoscopy	requires	general anesthesia
laparoscopy	performed by	surgeon
laparoscopy	uses	laparoscope
laparoscopy	examines	abdominal organs
laparoscopy	detects	appendicitis
laparoscopy	detects	gallstones
laparoscopy	treats	cholecystitis
laparoscopy	treats	hernia
laparoscopy	treats	ectopic pregnancy
laparoscopy	treats	endometriosis
laparoscopy	treats	adhesions
laparoscopy	evaluates	liver disease
laparoscopy	evaluates	pancreatic disease
laparoscopy	evaluates	stomach disease
laparoscopy	evaluates	intestinal disease
laparoscopy	assesses	tumor
laparoscopy	assesses	inflammation
laparoscopy	assesses	infection
laparoscopy	assesses	trauma
laparoscopy	requires	preoperative testing
laparoscopy	requires	fasting
laparoscopy	risks	bleeding
laparoscopy	risks	infection
laparoscopy	risks	organ injury
laparoscopy	risks	anesthesia complications
laparoscopy	alternative to	open surgery
laparoscopy	has advantage	shorter recovery
laparoscopy	has advantage	smaller scars
laparoscopy	has advantage	less pain
laparoscopy	has advantage	lower infection risk
laparoscopy	contraindicated in	severe cardiopulmonary disease
laparoscopy	contraindicated in	bleeding disorder
laparoscopy	contraindicated in	bowel obstruction
laparoscopy	contraindicated in	late pregnancy
laparoscopy	requires	carbon dioxide insufflation
laparoscopy	causes	shoulder pain
laparoscopy	followed by	postoperative monitoring
laparoscopy	followed by	pain management
laparoscopy	followed by	activity restriction
laparoscopy	followed by	wound care
laparoscopy	complication	hernia at incision
laparoscopy	complication	blood clot
laparoscopy	complication	gas embolism
laparoscopy	performed in	operating room
laparoscopy	requires	sterile technique
laparoscopy	uses	trocar
laparoscopy	uses	electrocautery
laparoscopy	uses	sutures
laparoscopy	uses	staplers
laparoscopy	can convert to	open surgery
laparoscopy	duration	30-120 minutes
laparoscopy	preparation	bowel prep
laparoscopy	preparation	IV antibiotics
laparoscopy	recovery	1-2 weeks
laparoscopy	recovery	light activity
laparoscopy	recovery	no heavy lifting
laparoscopy	postoperative symptom	bloating
laparoscopy	postoperative symptom	nausea
laparoscopy	postoperative symptom	fatigue
laparoscopy	success rate	high
laparoscopy	cost	lower than open surgery
laparoscopy	history	first performed in 1901
laparoscopy	advancement	robotic-assisted
laparoscopy	advancement	single-port
laparoscopy	training	residency program
laparoscopy	training	simulation
laparoscopy	research	improved techniques
laparoscopy	research	new applications
laparoscopy	specialty	general surgery
laparoscopy	specialty	gynecology
laparoscopy	specialty	urology
laparoscopy	imaging	real-time video
laparoscopy	imaging	high-definition
laparoscopy	instrument	graspers
laparoscopy	instrument	scissors
laparoscopy	instrument	clip applier
laparoscopy	instrument	suction device
laparoscopy	instrument	irrigation system
laparoscopy	anesthesia type	endotracheal intubation
laparoscopy	anesthesia type	laryngeal mask
laparoscopy	monitoring	pulse oximeter
laparoscopy	monitoring	blood pressure
laparoscopy	monitoring	capnography
laparoscopy	patient position	supine
laparoscopy	patient position	Trendelenburg
laparoscopy	patient position	reverse Trendelenburg
laparoscopy	patient position	lateral decubitus
laparoscopy	surgical team	scrub nurse
laparoscopy	surgical team	anesthesiologist
laparoscopy	surgical team	circulating nurse
laparoscopy	documentation	operative note
laparoscopy	documentation	images
laparoscopy	documentation	video recording
laparoscopy	follow-up	outpatient visit
laparoscopy	follow-up	pathology review
laparoscopy	follow-up	long-term outcomes
