endometriosis	is a	gynecological disorder
endometriosis	involves	endometrial tissue
endometriosis	causes	pelvic pain
endometriosis	may lead to	infertility
endometriosis	is associated with	dysmenorrhea
endometriosis	can cause	dyspareunia
endometriosis	may result in	adhesions
endometriosis	is diagnosed via	laparoscopy
endometriosis	shows	chocolate cysts
endometriosis	has symptom	chronic pain
endometriosis	affects	reproductive age women
endometriosis	may require	hormonal therapy
endometriosis	is treated with	oral contraceptives
endometriosis	responds to	progestins
endometriosis	may need	surgical excision
endometriosis	can recur	after treatment
endometriosis	correlates with	estrogen levels
endometriosis	involves	inflammation
endometriosis	increases risk of	ovarian cancer
endometriosis	may cause	bowel obstruction
endometriosis	affects	quality of life
endometriosis	is studied via	imaging
endometriosis	shows	peritoneal lesions
endometriosis	may involve	bladder
endometriosis	can affect	fallopian tubes
endometriosis	may spread to	rectum
endometriosis	causes	tissue scarring
endometriosis	is managed with	NSAIDs
endometriosis	may require	hysterectomy
endometriosis	has genetic	predisposition
endometriosis	is linked to	immune dysfunction
endometriosis	may co-occur with	fibroids
endometriosis	affects	menstrual cycle
endometriosis	may cause	heavy bleeding
endometriosis	can lead to	anemia
endometriosis	is researched via	biomarkers
endometriosis	shows	elevated CA-125
endometriosis	may involve	nerve compression
endometriosis	can cause	sciatica
endometriosis	affects	sexual function
endometriosis	may require	pain management
endometriosis	is treated with	GnRH agonists
endometriosis	responds to	aromatase inhibitors
endometriosis	may need	fertility treatment
endometriosis	correlates with	chronic fatigue
endometriosis	involves	abnormal angiogenesis
endometriosis	increases	prostaglandin production
endometriosis	may cause	urinary symptoms
endometriosis	can affect	appendix
endometriosis	may spread to	diaphragm
endometriosis	causes	oxidative stress
endometriosis	is studied in	animal models
endometriosis	shows	hormonal dependence
endometriosis	may involve	lymph nodes
endometriosis	can lead to	depression
endometriosis	affects	work productivity
endometriosis	may require	multidisciplinary care
endometriosis	is treated with	danazol
endometriosis	responds to	dienogest
endometriosis	may need	nerve-sparing surgery
endometriosis	correlates with	visceral hypersensitivity
endometriosis	involves	matrix metalloproteinases
endometriosis	increases	cytokine production
endometriosis	may cause	constipation
endometriosis	can affect	ureters
endometriosis	may spread to	lungs
endometriosis	causes	neuropathic pain
endometriosis	is researched via	proteomics
endometriosis	shows	stem cell involvement
endometriosis	may involve	microbiome changes
endometriosis	can lead to	anxiety
endometriosis	affects	social relationships
endometriosis	may require	physical therapy
endometriosis	is treated with	leuprolide
endometriosis	responds to	elagolix
endometriosis	may need	bowel resection
endometriosis	correlates with	central sensitization
endometriosis	involves	epigenetic changes
endometriosis	increases	nerve fiber density
endometriosis	may cause	bloating
endometriosis	can affect	liver
endometriosis	may spread to	brain
endometriosis	causes	hormonal imbalance
endometriosis	is studied via	ultrasonography
endometriosis	shows	deep infiltrating lesions
endometriosis	may involve	vascular endothelial growth factor
endometriosis	can lead to	sleep disturbances
endometriosis	affects	mental health
endometriosis	may require	acupuncture
endometriosis	is treated with	norethindrone
endometriosis	responds to	letrozole
endometriosis	may need	presacral neurectomy
endometriosis	correlates with	mast cell activation
endometriosis	involves	progesterone resistance
endometriosis	increases	peritoneal fluid volume
endometriosis	may cause	nausea
endometriosis	can affect	kidneys
endometriosis	may spread to	surgical scars
endometriosis	causes	immune cell infiltration
endometriosis	is researched via	transcriptomics
