malposition	is a	fetal condition
malpresentation	is a	fetal condition
malposition	may cause	dystocia
malpresentation	may cause	dystocia
breech presentation	is a type of	malpresentation
transverse lie	is a type of	malposition
face presentation	is a type of	malpresentation
brow presentation	is a type of	malpresentation
malposition	increases risk of	cesarean delivery
malpresentation	increases risk of	cesarean delivery
malposition	requires	ultrasound diagnosis
malpresentation	requires	ultrasound diagnosis
malposition	may lead to	umbilical cord prolapse
malpresentation	may lead to	umbilical cord prolapse
malposition	associated with	polyhydramnios
malpresentation	associated with	polyhydramnios
malposition	associated with	multiparity
malpresentation	associated with	uterine anomalies
external cephalic version	treatment for	malposition
external cephalic version	treatment for	malpresentation
malposition	contraindicates	vaginal delivery
malpresentation	contraindicates	vaginal delivery
malposition	increases risk of	birth trauma
malpresentation	increases risk of	birth trauma
malposition	associated with	prematurity
malpresentation	associated with	prematurity
malposition	may cause	fetal distress
malpresentation	may cause	fetal distress
malposition	requires	fetal monitoring
malpresentation	requires	fetal monitoring
malposition	associated with	placenta previa
malpresentation	associated with	placenta previa
malposition	may lead to	postpartum hemorrhage
malpresentation	may lead to	postpartum hemorrhage
malposition	associated with	maternal obesity
malpresentation	associated with	maternal obesity
malposition	increases risk of	neonatal mortality
malpresentation	increases risk of	neonatal mortality
malposition	may require	tocolysis
malpresentation	may require	tocolysis
malposition	associated with	oligohydramnios
malpresentation	associated with	oligohydramnios
malposition	may cause	uterine rupture
malpresentation	may cause	uterine rupture
malposition	associated with	fetal macrosomia
malpresentation	associated with	fetal macrosomia
malposition	may lead to	meconium aspiration
malpresentation	may lead to	meconium aspiration
malposition	increases risk of	birth asphyxia
malpresentation	increases risk of	birth asphyxia
malposition	may require	forceps delivery
malpresentation	may require	forceps delivery
malposition	associated with	multiple gestation
malpresentation	associated with	multiple gestation
malposition	may cause	cervical laceration
malpresentation	may cause	cervical laceration
malposition	increases risk of	infection
malpresentation	increases risk of	infection
malposition	associated with	pelvic contraction
malpresentation	associated with	pelvic contraction
malposition	may require	general anesthesia
malpresentation	may require	general anesthesia
malposition	associated with	advanced maternal age
malpresentation	associated with	advanced maternal age
malposition	may lead to	neonatal resuscitation
malpresentation	may lead to	neonatal resuscitation
malposition	increases risk of	NICU admission
malpresentation	increases risk of	NICU admission
malposition	associated with	uterine fibroids
malpresentation	associated with	uterine fibroids
malposition	may cause	perineal tear
malpresentation	may cause	perineal tear
malposition	increases risk of	maternal mortality
malpresentation	increases risk of	maternal mortality
malposition	associated with	gestational diabetes
malpresentation	associated with	gestational diabetes
malposition	may require	episiotomy
malpresentation	may require	episiotomy
malposition	increases risk of	shoulder dystocia
malpresentation	increases risk of	shoulder dystocia
malposition	associated with	congenital anomalies
malpresentation	associated with	congenital anomalies
malposition	may lead to	hysterectomy
malpresentation	may lead to	hysterectomy
malposition	increases risk of	uterine atony
malpresentation	increases risk of	uterine atony
malposition	associated with	previous cesarean
malpresentation	associated with	previous cesarean
malposition	may cause	fetal fractures
malpresentation	may cause	fetal fractures
malposition	increases risk of	cerebral palsy
malpresentation	increases risk of	cerebral palsy
malposition	associated with	low birth weight
malpresentation	associated with	low birth weight
malposition	may require	vacuum extraction
malpresentation	may require	vacuum extraction
malposition	associated with	amniotic band syndrome
malpresentation	associated with	amniotic band syndrome
malposition	increases risk of	blood transfusion
malpresentation	increases risk of	blood transfusion
