osteoarthritis	is a	joint disease
osteoarthritis	affects	cartilage
osteoarthritis	causes	joint pain
osteoarthritis	leads to	joint stiffness
osteoarthritis	may result in	disability
osteoarthritis	is common in	elderly
osteoarthritis	is associated with	obesity
osteoarthritis	has risk factor	aging
osteoarthritis	is diagnosed via	X-ray
osteoarthritis	is treated with	NSAIDs
osteoarthritis	may require	joint replacement
osteoarthritis	affects	knees
osteoarthritis	affects	hips
osteoarthritis	affects	hands
osteoarthritis	affects	spine
osteoarthritis	causes	bone spurs
osteoarthritis	reduces	mobility
osteoarthritis	increases risk of	falls
osteoarthritis	is managed with	physical therapy
osteoarthritis	may lead to	depression
osteoarthritis	is worsened by	inactivity
osteoarthritis	is alleviated by	exercise
osteoarthritis	has symptom	swelling
osteoarthritis	has symptom	tenderness
osteoarthritis	may cause	sleep disturbance
osteoarthritis	increases healthcare costs
osteoarthritis	is researched in	rheumatology
osteoarthritis	differs from	rheumatoid arthritis
osteoarthritis	involves	synovial fluid changes
osteoarthritis	progresses slowly
osteoarthritis	may involve	genetic factors
osteoarthritis	can follow	joint injury
osteoarthritis	is more common in	women
osteoarthritis	has biomarker	COMP
osteoarthritis	may be prevented by	weight control
osteoarthritis	is studied via	MRI
osteoarthritis	affects quality of life
osteoarthritis	may co-occur with	osteoporosis
osteoarthritis	is treated with	acetaminophen
osteoarthritis	may respond to	glucosamine
osteoarthritis	may require	corticosteroid injections
osteoarthritis	is relieved by	heat therapy
osteoarthritis	is affected by	mechanical stress
osteoarthritis	involves	chondrocyte dysfunction
osteoarthritis	leads to	subchondral bone changes
osteoarthritis	may involve	inflammation
osteoarthritis	is associated with	metabolic syndrome
osteoarthritis	has comorbidity	diabetes
osteoarthritis	is treated with	duloxetine
osteoarthritis	may benefit from	tai chi
osteoarthritis	is assessed via	WOMAC index
osteoarthritis	affects joint space width
osteoarthritis	may lead to	muscle weakness
osteoarthritis	is treated with	hyaluronic acid
osteoarthritis	may require	arthroscopy
osteoarthritis	is exacerbated by	cold weather
osteoarthritis	has genetic marker	GDF5
osteoarthritis	is linked to	joint malalignment
osteoarthritis	may involve	meniscal tears
osteoarthritis	is treated with	capsaicin cream
osteoarthritis	affects gait pattern
osteoarthritis	increases fall risk
osteoarthritis	is managed with	assistive devices
osteoarthritis	may lead to	social isolation
osteoarthritis	is researched using	animal models
osteoarthritis	has histologic feature	fibrillations
osteoarthritis	involves	extracellular matrix degradation
osteoarthritis	may respond to	PRP therapy
osteoarthritis	is treated with	topical NSAIDs
osteoarthritis	may require	osteotomy
osteoarthritis	is associated with	Heberden's nodes
osteoarthritis	affects joint loading
osteoarthritis	may involve	synovitis
osteoarthritis	is studied in	biomechanics
osteoarthritis	has risk factor	joint overuse
osteoarthritis	may lead to	decreased physical activity
osteoarthritis	is treated with	massage therapy
osteoarthritis	may benefit from	acupuncture
osteoarthritis	is assessed via	Kellgren-Lawrence scale
osteoarthritis	involves	proteoglycan loss
osteoarthritis	may respond to	chondroitin
osteoarthritis	is treated with	tramadol
osteoarthritis	may require	arthrodesis
osteoarthritis	is exacerbated by	high-impact activities
osteoarthritis	has inflammatory marker	IL-1Î²
osteoarthritis	is linked to	occupation hazards
osteoarthritis	may involve	ligament laxity
osteoarthritis	is treated with	orthotics
osteoarthritis	affects proprioception
osteoarthritis	increases analgesic use
osteoarthritis	is managed with	aquatic therapy
osteoarthritis	may lead to	work disability
osteoarthritis	is researched in	tissue engineering
osteoarthritis	has radiographic feature	osteophytes
osteoarthritis	involves	subchondral sclerosis
osteoarthritis	may respond to	stem cell therapy
osteoarthritis	is treated with	nerve blocks
osteoarthritis	may require	microfracture surgery
osteoarthritis	is associated with	Bouchard's nodes
osteoarthritis	affects activities of daily living
